We're all wandering all looking for something. Yet we don't know what it is though we still keep on. But when we're finally back home, we see that sometimes we only need one person to make everything feel complete. This person is our home.
people bring out the worst in you, others bring out the best, and then there are those remarkably rare, addictive ones who just bring out the most. Of everything.
We don't remember the days, we remember the moments.
I believe there's nothing better than a peaceful sunset to free your mind
It wasn't because of the way she danced with his angels that he loved her. But rather for the way the sound of her name could silence his demons.
I've learned; in order for good things to come your way, you need to believe you deserve them.
we feel empty because we leave pieces of ourselves in everything we used to love"
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment
amazing how good it feels to sit back and watch karma serve you what you deserve
At the end of the day, it's all about the person you want to own a dog with
In ten minutes things could look so different, like the colour of a sunset or the world after meeting you
Sometimes you can't explain what you see in a person. It's just the way they take you to a place where no one else can.
Coffee doesn't ask silly questions, coffee understands
Be fearless in the pursuit of what lights up your soul
Fall in love with someone who tastes like adventure but also looks like the calm, beautiful morning after a terrible storm
Just sipping my coffee giving thanks that my thoughts aren't audible
Life is like a ferris wheel ride; you must get past the fear to enjoy the view
When life gives you monday, add glitter to it and sparkle all day
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for. See yourself as a ship; go for adventure
It doesn't matter where you're going. It's who you have beside you that does.
Your wings already exist, just dare to fly
You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust,let go and see what happens
I'm a big child at heart. I think it's important to stay that way and not lose the wonder of life. So keep on dreaming and have faith in magic
Grief is like an ocean; it comes in waves, ebbing and flowing. Sometimes the water is calm and sometimes it is overwhelming. And all we can do is learn to swim.
Leave a little sparkle wherever you go
Christmas is not as much about opening gifts as opening our hearts
Grief, I've learned, is really just love. It's all the love you want to give but cannot. And all of that unspent love gathers up in the corners of your eyes, the lump in your throat and in that hallow part of your chest. It can show up at any moment and you're just powerless. Grief is just love with no place to go.
To b Beautiful means to b Yourself.you don't need to b accepted by others.you need to accept yourself.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little bad news you are not going to fit in with everyone.
For me trendy is what i wear and what i like
The only Time you should Ever Look back, is to see How Far you've Come.
So keep smiling because being imperfectly perfect is the best feeling in life.
What i have learnt is Small mind can't comprehend big spirits. To be great, you have to be willing to be
Stand up for what you believe in even if it means standing alone.
Invest in yourself first. Expect nothing from no one and be willing to work for everything.
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
Admire someone else's Beauty without questioning yours.
Sometimes you give the best company to yourself.
There's always a reason to SMILE, you just have to find it.
Dont you think about what you did or what you are going to do because life is too short to stress
Haters only hate the things they cant get and the people they can't be.
You don't learn to walk by following rules, you learn by doing and falling over.
I believe to be my own hero but there's a superhero behind this hero who's always pushing me forward encouraging me to do more more more!
I woke up this morning realized i don't have what it takes to sit back and be average.
Remember to take care of yourself. You can't pour from an empty cup.
There will be someone to hold you guide you, help you, support you, teach you lesson, and do many more things
I always liked to challenge myself because when i lose i learn something new and when i win i be the most happiest person in the world.
May the warmth and splendor, that are a part of this auspicious occasion, fill your life with happiness and bright cheer, and bring to you joy and prosperity, for the whole year.
A morning brought a new day new chance, new lesson, new dare, new challenge you are the one who won't be new but remain the same with rules and principles.. I don't know why I have been liking posting and sharing my thoughts but I know one thing for sure that I only love spreading positive vibes and love to you all.
Life gets hard when you don't want it to be. So better not try to make it easy and just focus how you can face it.
What you think of yourself is much more important than what people think of you.
My inspiration has been my inner voice
A smile is the key that fits the lock to everyone's heart. So SMILE!
Fall in Love with taking care of yourself, mind, body, spirit.
You have to love yourself because no amount of love from others is sufficient to fill the yearning that your soul requires from you!
My Friday Morning says "Don't ever doubt your Worth."
The flowers that blooms in adversity, is the most rare and beautiful of all.
So, if you are too tired of speak, sit next to me, because I too, am fluent in silence.
It takes a level of self-love, of dedication and determination to live your greatest life.
Look at every area of life and ask yourself these question, "Am I growing mentally, emotionally and spiritually?"
Don't let your thoughts and emotions define you. You can survive.
Learning to protect your peace is key. This comes from being mindful of our actions and choices.
Today is a blank slate. You don't have to continue to do, feel or think the same way. You have permission to start again.
starting tonight, I need to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
I'm bad, and that's good. I will never be good, and that's not bad. There's no one I'd rather be than me.
you sometimes think you want to disappear, but all you really want is to be found
world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page." The opportunity to travel the world and get paid to do it is a blessing that I will never take for granted. There's a whole world out there to see and explore and I can't wait for the next chapter!
Traveling it leaves you speechless, then turns you into a storyteller
grown-ups were once children... But only few of them remember it.
we must be swift as the coursing river, tranquil as a forest, But on fire within. Once you find your center, You are sure to win.
There's no time to be bored in a world as beautiful as this.
Within nature lies the cure for humanity
Find me where the wild things are
At some point in life, the world's beauty becomes enough.
I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list
The grass is greener where you water it
You can never be overdressed or overeducated
The more you wander, the more you wonder
Always be yourself. Unless you can be a peacock. Then always be a peacock.
There are some people in life that make you laugh a little louder, smile a little bigger and live just a little bit better.
When life gives you rain, play in the puddles
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine
Here's to living your truth and truly loving and accepting who you are unapologetically. There will always be people who will tear you down. That will never change. But as soon as you overcome the negativity and learn to love yourself, the sooner you can live a life of happiness and no regrets. To anyone who may be struggling with living their truth, please know that you are loved and you matter! There is only one version of you in this world, so be the best you you can be! It's a crazy world out there. Have courage and be kind. Love to all
Round the corner there may wait, a new road or a secret gate
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
A sunset is the sun's fiery kiss to the night
We have nothing to lose and a world to see
For those who are lost, there will always be cities that feel like home.
You have to get lost before you can be found
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
Because when you stop and look around, this life is pretty amazing
I know what I'm needing and I don't want to waste more time, I'm in a New York state of mind
Be thankful for what you have and you will end up having more. But if you concentrate on what you don't have, you'll never, ever have enough
And in that moment, I swear we were infinite
There is no certainty. There is only adventure.
After descending down a series of steep, slippery stairs carved into the rock formation, I quickly found myself transported into the lush jungle. The water gushing past was cold but refreshing and climbing up the waterfall was no easy feat but that made it all the more exciting. The roar of the water engulfed me and hit me from above unceasingly with such force that I easily could've slipped off a jagged rock at any moment. But I didn't care. I'd never felt more alive.
Here's to leaving the door to the past behind us and moving forward towards something greater than we could ever imagine.
live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
And take the hidden paths that run towards the Moon or to the Sun.
is letting go of what you think your life is supposed to look like and celebrating it for everything that it is.
Blessed are the curious, for they shall have adventures
There are many paths but only one journey.
The smaller the creature, the bolder its spirit
Run away with me. Lost souls in revelry.
life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all
Would you lie with me and just forget the world?
travel because we need to, because distance and difference are the secret tonic to creativity. When we get home, home is still the same, but something in our minds has changed, and that changes everything.
felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery¡Xair, mountains, trees, people. I thought, is what it is to be happy.
we travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls
Although the path ahead may seem unknown, we have no need to fear it. We have created it.
There is a little bit of paradise built into every day. You just have to find it.
There's a big world out there waiting to be explored, so take every chance because you never know what's just around the corner! If you would've told me three years ago that I would be working on cruise ships traveling the world, I wouldn't have believed you. But here I am typing this from my cabin on Deck 1 of Royal Caribbean's Voyager of the Seas docked in sunny New Caledonia in the South Pacific. But don't worry, I went out earlier and got some sun!
The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
I'm actually pretty afraid of heights, so this was a feat for me. But life is about adventure, trying new things and facing your fears right? Well, it was the perfect day to climb up to the top of the bridge. The weather couldn't have been better. And the view! It was so surreal and so worth it.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight
If I go, there's just no telling how far I'll go
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory
Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live. For the longest time, I lived in fear of rejection, shame and ridicule, until I realized there's only one you in the world. No one is the same. You have to look after yourself and live your best life. Find your happiness. Only then will your life truly begin.
Fill your day with sunshine, love and laughter
The most fantastic magical things can happen, and it all starts with a wish
Better to see something once than to hear about it a thousand times
Life is only a reflection of what we allow ourselves to see.
Animals are the bridge between us and the beauty of all that is natural. They show us what's missing in our lives, and how to love ourselves more completely and unconditionally. They connect us back to who we are, and to the purpose of why we're here.
Living and working on cruise ships allows you the opportunity to meet amazing new people from across the globe that you probably never would've crossed paths with otherwise.
Even in a port where there's absolutely nothing nearby to do, we seem to find a way to make the most of the day.
One's destination is never a place, but always a new way of seeing things.
Smell the sea, and feel the sky, let your soul and spirits fly
I'm in love with cities I've never been to and people I've never met
It feels good to get lost in the right direction
When everything feels like an uphill struggle, just think of the view from the top
In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks
A day without laughter is a day wasted
I don't know where I'm going from here, but I promise it won't be boring.
A reminder that you are good enough and that you deserve nothing but the best.
True friends are never apart. Maybe in distance, but never at heart.
Sunsets are proof that no matter what happens, every day can end beautifully.
If we remain young at heart, do we ever really grow old?
travel because we need to, because distance and difference are the secret tonic to creativity. When we get home, home is still the same, but something in our minds has changed, and that changes everything.
in a room, my imagination becomes the universe, and the rest of the world is missing out.
We take photos as a return ticket to a moment otherwise gone.
realization that each random passerby is living a life as vivid and complex as your own¡Xpopulated with their own ambitions, friends, routines, worries and inherited craziness¡Xan epic story that continues invisibly around you like an anthill sprawling deep underground, with elaborate passageways to thousands of other lives that you'll never know existed, in which you might appear only once, as an extra sipping coffee in the background, as a blur of traffic passing on the highway, as a lighted window at dusk.
don't realize that, somewhere within us all, there does exist a supreme self who is eternally at peace.
We are are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
curiosity keeps leading us down new paths
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
With every rising of the sun, think of your life as just begun
Here's to the bridge-builders, the hand-holders, the light-bringers, those extraordinary souls wrapped in ordinary lives who quietly weave threads of humanity into an inhumane world. They are the unsung heroes in a world at war with itself. They are the whisperers of hope that peace is possible. Look for them in this present darkness. Light your candle with their flame. And then go. Build bridges. Hold hands. Bring light to a dark and desperate world. Be the hero you are looking for. Peace is possible. It begins with us.
And just ride that wave until we're higher than life, with the sun in our eyes
You are the universe, expressing itself as a human for a little while.
And into the forest I go, to lose my mind and find my soul
The world's big and I want to have a good look at it before it gets dark.
Adopt the pace of nature. Her secret is patience.
there are no wrong turns, only unexpected paths
always defined ourselves by the ability to overcome the impossible. And we count these moments. These moments when we dare to aim higher, to break barriers, to reach for the stars, to make the unknown known. We count these moments as our proudest achievements. But we lost all that. Or perhaps we've just forgotten that we are still pioneers. And we've barely begun. And that our greatest accomplishments cannot be behind us, because our destiny lies above us.
best things in life are the people we love, the places we've been, and the memories we've made along the way.
of our temples is an expression of our testimony that life beyond the grave is as real and as certain as is our life here on earth.
live by the sun love by the moon
nature. Love nature. Stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
sunset brings the promise of a new dawn
There's no reason to look back when you have so much to look forward to.
am my own muse. I am the subject I know best. The subject I want to better
Do not be afraid to travel a new path; It may be the way to find what you've been looking for all along.
Forever enjoying views like these
Doing what you like is freedom, liking what you do is happiness
Be your own kind of beautiful and never let anyone tell you something else!
Those who don't believe in magic, will never find it
Do what they think you can't do. Always
Sometimes you just need to relax and remind yourself that you're doing all that you can and everything is going to turn out just fine
Let your dreams be bigger then your fears
We must take adventures in order to know where we truly belong
Maybe one day we learn to love ourselves and stop apologizing for the things that makes us who we are
Don't give up on something you really want
There is always a reason to smile
Whatever you do, do it for you!
the plan doesn't work, change the plan but never the goal
Don't give up. Great things take time
Let your smile change the world, but don't let the world change your smile.
Keep the ones who heard you when you never say a word
Believe in yourself and you will be unstoppable
When you love what you have, you have everything you need
Beauty begins the moment when you dicide to be yourself
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough
Whenever you look at yourself in the mirror, remember: beautiful doesn't mean perfect.
Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet
Life becomes more meaningful when you realize the simple fact that you'll never get the same moment twice.
Let nothing dim the light that shines from within
Let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love
You're a work of art. Not everyone is going to understand you, but the ones who do, will never forget about you.
Why not take a chance and bet on happiness?
Don't call it a dream. Call it a plan
When you not seek or need approval, you are at your most powerful.
Be your own CRAZY, WEIRD and WONDERFUL self
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations
Nothing is impossible, if you really want something
Goodtimes and crazy friends make the best memories
Believe you can and you're halfway there
Never give up on the things that make you smile
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts your life will start to change
It's the little things, that makes us happy
Focus on where you want to go and not on what you fear
Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadow
In life, it's not where you go, it's who you experience your travels with
Let what other people think be the least of your worries and do your thing
Have faith in your journey. Everything had to happen exactly as it did go to get you where you're going next
Be weird, because normal is boring
Autumn, the year's last, loveliest, smile
It's all about being the best version of yourself
Time spent amongst trees, is never time wasted Who is also a forest lover?
Take time to make your soul happy
You change the world by being yourself
Always keep smiling, even when it's cold.
Life is art, living yours in colors.
If it's still on your mind, it is worth taking the risk
Let's stay warm with these cold days, and take a warm latte
Dream it, wish it, do it!
If you are always trying to be normal, you will never know how amazing you can be!
Let's do what we love and do a lot of it
Never regret anything that mdae you smile
This is your Monday morning reminder that you are powerful beyond measure that you are capable of pretty much anything you are willing to work for and that you could change your life today.
Make your happiness a priority today
Every woman should have something pink in her wardrobe, it's the color of happiness!
Don't dig up in doube, what you planted in faith
You can never own too much denim
Life is short, make every outfit count.
Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most
Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction ends up being the biggest step of your life. Tiptoe if you must, but take the step
Your only limit is you
Expect nothing. Appreciate everything
Being happy never goes out of style.
Never be a prisoner of your past. It was just a lesson, not a life sentence.
Kindness is free sprinkle that stuffs everywhere.
A grateful heart is a magnet for miracles.
You are amazing. You are important. You are special. You are unique. You are kind. You are precious. You are loved.
Your body hears everything your mind says. Stay positive.
Have a cup of positivitea
Do you wanna be mine or let me be yours?
I believe there's sparkle between us.
I would treasure your kiss for the rest of my life.
If I can only catch one thing, you will be the one.
You got the best honey jar in this world.
I will stay with you for every step of your life.
And you got an intelligence mind if you understand this.
I think we can feel each other.
Love is not about how you let go but how you hold on
Action speaks louder than words.
The hardest thing in life is letting go.
We definitely are designed for each other.
I just backed up last nights files. I brought this image into Lightroom, went to edit it, then pressed reset, which took it back to the original, then clicked export. Sometimes moments are just so perfect that nothing can improve them.
I'm dancing in the dark, with you between my arms
I don't mind getting lost with you and explore the most unexpected sight nature has to offer.
Updating our relationship status to the world by chanting from the mountains.
Wherever waves can roll and wind can blow, with you by my side we can always glow.
Let's move in together in a campervan, make the entire world our backyard.
The adventures we have while young are the tales our grandkids will tell.
How can the world let me down when you're always here to lift me up?
They say experience makes us who we are. After all the crazy places we've been to, I'd say we are pretty awesome.
Thank you, for never stop choosing me.
The world is our stage and the sun, our spotlight. We shall slow-dance till the curtain call, hold-on tight while the world applauds.
Of the 7 billion people out there, we met. The universe is rarely lazy. We're destined, I bet.
The sun is setting, but my world's still bright. Thank you, my sunshine, the light of my life.
Hold my hands, for your kiss always sweeps me off my feet.
I thought I let you into my world, then I realised you are my world.
Just you and me, on a secret beach. Feeling the ocean breeze while you swing on a palm tree. There's nowhere else I'd like to be.
If you ask me to jump, I'll never ask where. This is how much I trust you.
The footprints we left may fade out fast, but the memories we crafted are meant to last.
Take me where trees glow, where we shall dance down below.
Appreciate the ordinary, cherish the little things. For they are what that count, what stand the test of time and what will forever remain in both of your hearts.
Blue water. White sand. A simple swing, my favourite man. This is heaven, as close as it gets.
If I plant a tulip every time you say I'm pretty. Thank you for making me confident, even in my flaws.
Love is everywhere if there's love in you.
Fear not when the night shall fall. For when it does, we'll make our own light and dance on.
Be my lantern, help me shine on through the darkest time.
At the end, it's all about who you wanna feel the summer vibe with.
Find someone you're comfortable with. There may be thousands of words exchanged, or none at all. You just know that this person understands you either way.
We were separated,lost and drifted apart. But we know, the moment we met, that all the sufferings were just to make us a better person, to ensure we will cherish each other and to prepare us for the beautiful sights ahead of us.
Don't just find someone you can be silly with. Find the one who will be silly with you.
There may be waves. But I promise if you stay, we'll make it all worth it.
I can't promise you stars, but I can certainly promise you light.
You say we're from two different planets. I say we're lucky to have the best of both worlds
Sunsets are magical only because you're always here at the end of the day.
Your every touch, your every hug your every kiss leaves marks on my skin.
Thank you for telling me it's ok to be weird.
Take me to your world, I'm tired of breathing the air without your presence.
The way she looks into my eyes, I know I had lost myself to her.
They say home is wherever the heart is, and mine is always with you. So let's move into a campervan and make the entire world our home.
Spend your life with someone you wanna raise a dog with, or 5
When everything feels like hell, think about how the view will be on top
I owe myself the deepest apology for knowing you so late.
It's the sparks in your eyes I want to live for. They tell me, I am special to them.
The light in your eyes makes the stars die of envy
I have held an entire world in your arms, and I am not ready to settle for anything less anymore.
Let's grow old together but stay playful as if we're 20 forever.
The view is great only because we climbed together
For others, it's love of first sight. For us, it's not just the first, but every sight since.
It won't always be sunshine, but we can share an umbrella and survive the storms together.
It seems to me that love could be labeled poison and we'd drink it anyways.
The whole world makes sense once I have you in my arms.
Forget magic. Hold me tight and I'll show it to you.
I want to count stars with you, talk all night until the sunrise. Then we'll watch that together too.
I love laying my head on your chest. The rhythm of your heartbeat is the best lullaby.
Care not where life leads, but who it leads to.
Ours stories are to be lived, not told.
At the end, it's all about who you wanna raise a dog with.
There's no end to our adventures as long as I can look into your dreamy eyes.
You gave me the world when you put your hand in mine.
Heaven on earth is wherever I can see your smile.
I love seeing our shadows together. It's good to know that mine loves yours, the same way I love you.
Even if you're not here to stay, I'm glad that fate allowed your soul to stop by.
A candle can light up a room, but your smile can light up my days.
You smile makes it so much harder to behave in front of people.
When you think of your future, do you think of me Because I do.
You are a moment I could live forever.
Take me to your world, I'm tired of breathing the air without your presence.
I don't need a reason to stay, as there isn't a reason to leave.
When you're with the right person, words become irrelevant.
The best part of our journey is definitely us.
Let's start stocking up stories to tell when we're old
If there's an extra ticket, would you come with me?
The moon controls the tide of the sea, but you control the tides of my heart.
I was homeless until you lead me into your heart.
The world can wait. Let's cuddle a little longer.
You're not just someone, you're my other half, the missing piece of my soul.
Never let our sparks go to waste, my dear.
I wish you fell in love with my soul because I drown in yours
Pour your soul into mine and I promise not a single drop will go to waste.
Don't ask how much I love you. If it could be measured, it wouldn't be true.
Let's build a castle on the cloud and see the sun set and rise.
You and I An idea so simple, yet so beautiful.
I'd fall for you, but how can I fall when you're always holding me up.
Love like ours won't happen twice.
The way you look into my eyes, I know I had lost myself
I wanna spend the rest of my sunsets with you.
There's nothing we can't go through with your lips on mine.
Could've been anyone else but here we are, having our first dance.
Together we are the flamingos in a flock of pigeons.
I feel like top of the world when I have you in my arms
How can I forget the peaceful waves, summer breeze, golden sunset and your dreamy eyes.
I dreamed of us, somewhere, anywhere. As long as it's us.
Your smile is an ocean in which I'm willing to drown.
Let me be your umbrella when others try to rain on your dream
To the moon and the stars I vow, my love for you shall never fade.
How lucky am I to have found myself when searching for you.
I'd hang the moon and the stars just for you.
You are like super-condensed honey. One single drop can sweeten the entire sea.
Your flaws echoes mine. That's why we are meant to be.
With you I'd go anywhere, dance anywhere.
Thank you for being here whenever I need someone to look up to.
My skin yearns for the touch of yours. My heart, yours.
I fell into your arms only to find they are already there, as if they always are.
Never be afraid to be a little extra with the one you love.
I was alone, haunted by the darkest of thoughts. But then you came, casted them away with flaming passion. Since then, darkness has become such a distant concept.
What's more priceless than this sunset is your hands in mine.
A grin on your face is worth a million drops of my sweat.
You saw my flaws, and loved me even more. Thank you.
Our adventure is worthwhile in itself, but you somehow managed to make it even more epic.
Just a simple touch of yours sends me off the ground.
I feel like I have the entire world when you put your hand in mine.
You are a million feelings pack into one.
I've never known there's so much in me.
How can we ever be lost when we've found each other
We are meant to be not because we're perfect, but because our imperfections echo.
In a city of millions, your smile is all that matters.
How lucky my shadow is to be able to hold on to yours all the time.
They say magic happens when you least expect it, but I've been expecting this kiss for far too long.
Your kiss floats me like helium
You are a miracle longing to be explored
I would drink the entire ocean just to make sure you won't drown.
I want to be the only hand you ever need to hold.
We started as a simple spark, but has bursted into an eternal flame.
I wish you fell in love with my soul because I drown in yours
You are a moment I could live forever.
If we both found ourselves lost, just look for each other as our hearts are always together.
I take pride in being called yours.
If life is a desert, you are a well it tried so hard to hide.
Take my hands and let's venture out for a journey of a lifetime.
It's not easy, but stories like ours are worth writing.
Thank you for making it so easy to just be myself.
Place your lips on mine and it's enough to sweep me off my feet.
The stars fell just to witness your charm.
Your eyes shine with bright light of endless adventures
I've emptied my heart just for you to move in.
I'm drowning in the thoughts of you.
Hug me till there's no space between our skin. Then, our lips.
We're messed up, only in the exact same way. So we're cool.
Whispering words that make me blush.
Thank you for loving me as who I am, and never what the world wants of me.
Memories may fade. But fear not, I'm there to remind you of us.
When you hold my hands, I know we're in forever.
Take me away. I'm tired of breathing air without your presence.
It's the little things you do that matter.
Of all the sunsets we've seen, your smile is still the warmest.
How lucky we are to have found forever in the right time and the right place.
My heart yearns desperately for yours everytime we hug.
How easy it was to fall for you and how hard it is to stop looking at you.
Hold my hands. We can get through this, no matter what.
A deep-long hug cures more than you'd think, especially with that sunset.
Never realised smiling is contagious until I met you.
Just to let you know, I wasn't joking about never letting go.
Whatever future holds, I will be holding on to you as you'll do the same.
Fill me up with your soul, and I promise I won't waste a drop.
Love someone who loves you deeper even on the days you can't love yourself at all.
You gave me the world when you lay your head on my chest.
The touch of our lips ignites thousands of stars.
Please stay. It's Monday, the world can wait.
I don't mind getting lost with you and explore the most unexpected sight nature has to offer.
Sunset is beautiful, but your smile is my favourite colour.
You cast the clouds away and show me how where the stars shine.
Forever wishing you'll always be here in our long long journey.
Forever seems a lot less beautiful without you.
So glad to have you not just as my journey, but also the destination.
I see magic every time our hands touch.
Lifetimes ago, it was you. Now, it's still you.
Falling in love can be accidental, but staying in love has to be intentional.
The world would be such a boring place if I ain't got you.
I craved a bond so deep that even the ocean would be jealous.
How sweet it is to see your footprints next to mine wherever I go.
Loving you shows me sights I didn't even know existed.
Thank you, for not just holding my hands, but never letting go.
I'm no princess material, but thank you for being my prince.
Take my hands and follow me, I'll take you to wherever you long to be.
A boy may like a million girls. A man loves the same girl in a million ways.
I long to be an old man, with an old wife laughing at old jokes from a wild youth.
Stars die of envy when they see the glitters in your eyes.
Let's move into a campervan and make the entire world our backyard.
Thank you, for loving me as myself, not how the world wants me
I don't dance but here I am, spinning you round and round in circles.
All the stars are lighten up the moment our lips touch.
Let's grow old together but stay playful as if we're 20 forever.
Of all the beauty have I seen, none come close to the laughters of yours.
You are a moment I could live forever.
I've emptied my heart so that our souls can move in together.
How lucky my shadow is to be able to hold on to yours all the time.
Nothing wakes me up better on a Monday than the warm sunrise and the smile of yours.
Thank you for always being there when I'm out of breath.
I told the sky stories about you, and she blushed the prettiest shade of red.
You don't have to be a photographer to picture us together.
The warmth of your lips ignites the sparks of passion around us.
Checking my phone every minute for you.
Your smile cast all my nightmares away and replace them with the bluest sky.
Of the 7 billion people out there, your smile is all that I care.
The scent of your smile beats all these flowers in the field.
Would you take my hand I promise it'll all be worthwhile.
Thank you for always being there whenever I need a hand.
Take my hand, and I promise it will all be worth it.
Lift me up, hug me tight, never let me go.
With this sunset and my favourite person on earth, I only have one wish left to make.
You are my sweetest dream came true.
How lucky am I, to have found a heartbeat in sync with mine.
No matter where I'm at, my heart's still drifting to yours.
To me, home is never a place, it's a person. It's you.
You're beautiful, but your skin only plays a small part.
It's your heart that never cease to amaze.
I told the sky stories about you, and she blushed the prettiest shades of blue.
If we ever find ourselves out of breath,
Fear not, just exchange breathe and kiss on.
There's no such thing as later when it comes to giving my lady a kiss.
I can say with pride that I'm as passionate in us as we first started.
Fill me up with your love, the way ocean would fill a desert.
The lights within us outshined the glitters of the city.
How fascinating it is, the way we breathe magic when our lips touch.
Of the billions people on earth, none puts a smile on my face quite like you.
If I could be anywhere in the world right now, I'd still want to be on the back of yours.
I would give anything to be able to wake up to this view, with my favourite man everyday.
Just to let you know, you've been on my wishlist forever.
Ride on, we shall swing through the ups and downs in life in the sweetest vibe.
How can you be so Macho, yet softer than marshmallows.
Be with someone who loves like an adult and plays like a 16 year-old
We say otherwise, as you've never let me down.
I'm looking forward to the day we can finally be together, with everyone's blessing in their sweetest word.
To fall in love with my best friend has to be the greatest blessing in my life.
Life was nothing but a void desert, until the day we met.
Trust me, I will never ever let you fall.
The view is so much better here on your shoulder.
Now that Summer is almost gone, let's dance our ways to where the leaves fall.
Fear not if the tide ever drift us apart, I'll swim across seas back to you.
I swear, you will never regret taking my hands.
Hush. Let the rhythm of our hearts echo.
There's no better way to start the day with a kiss from my favourite human.
All I ever wanted in one picture Pizza, a dog and you
Of the billions of stars at night, none shines as bright as the glow within us.
Being with you shows me sights I've never thought I could witness
It's magical how two souls are destined to meet in this big big world no matter what comes in the way.
You always find ways to sweep me off my feet.
With you, it's always a good time for an adventure.
Look upon the stars, and you shall see where we belong.
I tell the moon stories about you every night, and I swear I can hear you doing the same
Darling, can't you see that love is already around us
Home is wherever the heart is, and my heart is always with yours.
At the end, it's your hand that I wanna hold on to.
I aspire to be an old man, telling old jokes to my old wife from a wild youth.
Come closer. I will never grow tired of the scent of yours.
I need someone to hug me, feed me pizza and tell me everything's going fine. I'm glad that's you.
People come and go, but I really hope you're here to stay.
I've had people watch stars with me, but none put them up for me like you.
Love like ours, won't happen twice.
LIfe is an endless journey, that's why I'm so grateful to have you with me.
They say it takes 1000 hours to master anything. For all the time we've practiced, we must be really damn good at kissing now.
It's a strange world, but I'm glad that you're here to make sense
Hold me close. My skin yearns for the touch of yours.
Stay. Firework that fascinating, I can think of no one else to share with.
For what it's worth, we've been through rough times but loved each other more.
You have me walking on rainbow everyday.
After all we've been through, I'm glad it's still you who's holding my hands
I'm done waiting. Would you put a ring on it now
You brightened my future by just being a part of it.
You took me here to watch the sunset, but I was too busy looking at you.
Wouldn't call it a good morning if it wasn't started with you.
I like when you take me to a merry-go-round, but I'd love it even more if you'd marry me instead.
Life is full of surprises, but it's you who really caught me off guard.
Getting dressed up for pizza date because we're too cool for fancy restaurant
I don't always say I love you. But when I do, I share my ice cream with you instead.
Say the words, and I'll go anywhere with you. Bring the dog too.
Having your hands in mine makes me the luckiest person on earth.
When I look into your eyes, I see the most beautiful soul looking right back.
Show me the bridge to your heart, and I promise I won't let it fall.
When you're in my arms, I feel like I have the entire world.
Happiness is¡K.sleeping in on a Sunday with you.
With you, everywhere is like heaven on earth.
I have seen the most beautiful sunsets, but none of them compare to your smile.
Home is where the heart is, and my heart is always with yours.
Your hug makes Paris even more magical
These baby kangaroos are almost as cute as you, almost
Nothing calms me down better than having my hands in yours.
Cheers to ourselves for making it this far without losing each other
The glitters in your eyes shines brighter than the stars above.
With you, we can see sights that I'd never thought I could.
After all the places we've been to, your kiss still never cease to amaze me.
You brought me to the top of the world, and we stayed there ever since.
Life is full of surprises, but you'll always be the biggest of them all
Stars die of envy whenever you're by my side.
A for the lady who's always floating in my heart.
Love is where the heart is and my heart is always with you.
Take my hands, and I'll bring the world to you.
Honey, do you still remember our first dance
The only thing I regret about us is meeting you so late.
With you, we're always dancing in paradise.
Ready for the trick-or-treating DM us your Halloween-Couple outfit
A world without you is a world I want no part of.
I want you, in all of my happiest moments.
Life is full of surprises, but it's you who really caught me off guard.
With you, we can go to any planet and call it our home
I wish I can wake up to your same brilliant smile, as bright as the sunrise.
No matter where we are, no matter how you ask, the answer is always YES
Each step I take, your smile is always here to guide me.
If only I could tell the stars how pretty your are
What is there to fear, when you're always here for me
Just wish I can live this moment forever.
Put our lips together as if it's our last
I always wonder what I look like in your eyes
When the world is sinking us, you always have a way to lift us back up.
You're worth whatever chaos that follows.
Thank you, for all the amazing sight you've shown me.
In a fraction of a moment, we fell in the kind of love that lasts forever.
Thank you, for choosing me when no one else even trusted me.
If words can't show how much you mean to me let the action do the speaking.
It's not about where you go, but rather who you go there with
Everytime I look into your eyes, I realised why it had never worked out with anyone else.
By that kiss, I realised deep down, that this is exactly where I'm meant to be
What's amazing is that, I wasn't even looking when I found you.
You attracted me by the way you live, but I stayed for who you are.
It's the small chats like this that matters
I just want you for my happily-ever-after.
Hug me, as if it's the last time you ever could.
No one calms me down the way you do.
When is not paying as much attention as you deserve
Feels like having the entire world in my hands
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
Runaway with me. I promise, it'll be worth it.
Heaven on earth is a place with you
You're the dream I never wanna wake up from.
I want you, and I refuse to compromise for anything less
Fireworks may fade, but we are meant to stay.
Hugged my pillow when I dreamt of you last night, wishin I'd dream about my pillow while hugging you someday
I'm a better person because of you.
Looking forward to the day that I can finally scratch your name off my wishlist
Stars shine brighter when they see your glittering eyes
A moment so romantic, belongs only to the two of us
I'm always exactly where I'm meant to be, beside you.
I don't need you to be perfect, I just want you to be mine.
I met you, I wanted you, I have you, and I'm not settling for less.
I want us to be modern enough to survive the times, but old-fashioned enough to last forever
I don't want your perfect self, I just want you as yourself.
I have a question to ask, and I'm not taking no for an answer
If I could shoot a star into the sky everytime you say my name
It's the little moments with you that count
What are the chances for 2 misfits to find their places beside one another
Find someone you can have both deep talks and dance battles with no matter it's 2 pm or 2 am
My faith in us outweighs their doubt.
It's a long way to go, and I'm glad to have you with me.
I might have fallen in love before, but with you I rise from it.
Because babe, you're what sweet dreams are made of
You're the book that I'd never stop reading
One word, three letters, and I shall be your happily-ever-after.
There's nowhere else I'd rather be than here in your arms.
You're the record I'd never grow tired of
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be.
So glad I had the courage to walk up to you and say Hi.
The best part is, I wasn't even looking when I found you.
You're the type of person that makes forever seem too short.
You keep my heart wild and my mind full of fantasies
It's exciting to find parts of myself in your glittering eyes.
Wherever you go, I go. That's how this goes
If I had to live my life again, I'd find you sooner.
I wasn't certain of anything in my life, but you and me together is something even I wouldn't doubt.
Hug me tight, for I'm never gonna let you go anymore.
It's ok if you ran out of words to say. I'm happy just to hear you breathe
I love your silence. It's wise. It listens It invites warmth.
You have me dancing in the palm of your hand
Fate might have brought me to you, but it's our flaws that kept us together.
I'll see you when the road decide it's time for our paths to cross again.
Even though we never said it to each other, we knew.
We both went to loud places to search for someone to be quiet with.
But dear, we are anything but temporary.
You seem too good to be true, except that you are.
I'm in love with your smile, your story and where you've been. And I wanna be with you wherever you're going.
We'll meet where the sun kisses the ocean.
I'm in love with your smile, your story and where you've been.
Loved you yesterday, love you still. Always have, always will.
It's good that we met, but it's even better that you stayed.
What's amazing is that, I wasn't even looking when I found you.
Forever wishing I can wake up to your wonderful smile everyday.
Take my hands and I'll bring you to where the snow is
The glitters in your eyes shines brighter than the fireworks
So glad it's your hand holding mine at the end of the road
It's an uphill battle, but I'm glad you're here with me.
Christmas is at the corner, figured out what to give yet
Forever wishing we can have our own birds-flying, romantic stroll
Forever seems too short after we met.
Come with me, and I'll show you the world's most amazing sight.
You saw everything that I am, and refuse to let me be anything less.
I closed my eyes to make a wish, only to find my biggest-wish already came true right in front of me.
You are all I'll ever need for the journey.
Of all the lights in the city, your souls shines the brightest.
Find someone who is as passionate about your dreams as they are about their own.
For whatever it's worth, I'm glad you stayed.
Thank you, for making me the best version of myself.
You should be kissed and often, and by someone who knows how.
I'll never forget our first sunset.
You're the reason I wouldn't settle for less.
They say when you meet the love of your life, time stops. But it'll still seem too short.
You are the stillpoint of the turning world.
You saw the best in me, and made me forget about my worst.
You are everything I never knew I always wanted.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible
This one moment when I know my life's not a sad story, because of you
My life is full, as I know I'm loved by you
And maybe it'll be enough if you know that in the few hours we had together we loved a lifetime's worth.
Love's involved with spending time together, but spending time apart, can lead to loving even more.
It seems right now that all I've ever done in my life is making my way here to you.
I wish I had done everything on earth with you.
No one calms me down the way you do
How I wish I can give you all the flowers in the world.
I think I'd miss you even if we'd never met.
I love you without knowing how, why, or even from where
Life is not the amount of breaths you take, it's the moments that take your breath away.
Breakfast with this view and my favourite person on the planet
Life is not the amount of breaths you take, it's the moments that take your breath away.
I'm happiest when I'm being myself, and myself when I'm with you.
I want to love you the way I do now the rest of my life.
Be with someone who hands you coconut so you don't even have to leave your bed
I want to be with you for as long as we can. It'll never be enough, but that would have to do.
I wish to be loved by you the way I love you for the rest of my life
You're the closest to heaven as I'll ever be.
I love how she makes me feel, like anything's possible, or like life is worth it.
Believe it or not, I still thank the universe for bringing me to you everyday.
I wish to wake up to the lovely smile of yours everyday in the coming year
Never let the spark fade away, my dear
She talks about you like you put the stars in the sky.
I'm not lost, I'm exactly where I'm meant to be next to you.
Never stop telling me how much you want me.
This one moment when I know my life's not a sad story, because of you.
Always remember we once dreamed of being exactly where we are now.
If I had to live my life again, I'd find you sooner.
You should be kissed everyday, by someone who knows how.
Find someone who makes you feel safe even when you're kissing on thin ice.
It's good that we met, but it's even better that you stayed.
I just wanna stay here with you till the end of the day
It doesn't matter if either of us is perfect, as long as we're perfect for each other.
I think I'd miss you even if we'd never met.
Stay, let our silence fill the void.
If I could be anyone, I'd be the one who gets to kiss you everyday.
Meet me where the sky greets the sea
One day I'll find the right words to describe this moment, but now it just left me speechless.
The way you make me feel, like anything's possible, like there's hope in life.
I love your silence. It's wise. It listens. It invites warmth
Isn't it crazy that we will never experience this moment of our lives ever again
You filled my wounds with pieces of yourself and made me complete again.
You are the stillpoint of my turning world.
It's ok if you ran out of words to say. I'm happy just to hear your heartbeat.
It seems right now that all I've ever done in my life is making my way here to you.
In a fraction of a moment, we fell in the kind of love that lasts forever.
For whatever it's worth, I'm glad we tried, and it worked.
You're all it takes to make my sky bluer
I want to be with you for as long as we can. It'll never be enough, but that would have to do.?
Never stop telling me how much you want me.?
Thank you, for always bringing out the best in me.
I aspire to be an old man, with an old wife laughing at old jokes from a wild youth.
Nights with you. Mornings with you. Always with you.?
Of all the people you met, there is always a name you can never forget.?
Promise me, that you will never let go of the passion bestowed deep inside your heart.
You came when I least expected, stayed ever since. I'm so grateful for that.
But babe, you deserve all the love in the world and nothing less.?
This one moment when I know my life's not a sad story, because of you.
You are the only reality that matters to me.
I can't give you the world, but I will try my best to give you what you deserve.
It seems right now that all I've ever done in my life is making my way here to you.?
You light up my future just by being a part of it.?
She looks at you as if you put the stars up in the sky.?
It's not about the number of breaths you take, it's the moments that take it away.?
With you, we are anything but temporary.?
How to control your girlfriend during traveling?
You shake my heart in a way no one else can.?
From her eyes shines light warmer than the break of dawn.?
If I could be anyone, I'd still be myself, just to lay my lips on yours everyday.?
Of all the lonely souls in the city, we found each other.?
No matter how far, we are always under the same sky, gazing at the same stars
Thank you, for always making sense when the world doesn't.?
For whatever it's worth, I got you now and I'm never letting you go.
You deserve every star to shine for you the way my eyes do.?
I wanna wake up to your lovely smile every morning.?
We are drifted but not for long, soulmates always find their ways back together.?
You are the reason why I wouldn't settle for less.
Always remember there's someone out there, dreaming to be where you are, with exactly who you are.?
But darling, you deserve the finest and nothing less.?
I'd give up everything to wake up next to you everyday.?
She speaks of you as if you placed the sun on the sky?
If I could live my life again, I'd meet you sooner.?
Lifetimes ago, it was you. Now, it's still you.?
You're worth whatever madness that follows.?
we've invited many of our talented artists to share with us their lovely comics
May our love be deep enough to sink your sadness.?
The thought of you left me sleepless for nights.
You calm my heart in a way no one else could.?
I've never thought I'd say this, but you're the one who's worth not just all of me and much, much more.
You should be kissed and often, and by someone who knows how.
It seems right now that all I've ever done in my life is making my way here to you.
You're a perfection beyond their comprehension.?
I'm jealous of each ray of sun that gets to kiss you before I do.?
You made the nights a whole lot more bearable
Never let the world paint you colors that aren't yours truly
Without you, I'm a whole person with half a heart.?
Come with me, and I'll show you the most amazing sights the world has to offer.?
At the end of the day, it's your hands that I wanna hold.
I might have used up all my luck just to meet you. But it's totally fine, I'm already the luckiest man.
They might have shown me the stars, but none has brought them to me like you did.?
You just have to find that one person who makes you feel like you're in heaven wherever you go.?
Treat her like you're still trying to win her, that's how you'll never lose her.
And that's how we dealt with the Valentine's Day chocolate
I thought you only mean something, but as it turns out, you are my everything.?
I reached to heaven, and you are there
Some people are so scared to fail, that they don't even try You don't have to be one of those people. If you wake up each day with the intention of being a little better than yesterday, that's what matters. Because after-all, it's not about being better than someone else, it's about self-progression. Developing a person that keeps getting better, year after year
And I can assure you it's not sunshine and rainbows that give women strength. It's the trials we face. The setbacks, the criticism, when things go WRONG. We face it and handle it. And in turn, we become a more resilient, tenacious and fearless daughter, sister, mom, wife and friend.
A flower does not think of competing to the flower next to it it just blooms.
Motivation will die, so let discipline take it's place.
Motivation will waver; it will come, go and fade. In fact, motivation is kind of unreliable.
What we really need is discipline. Discipline will build habits. Discipline will create a path for permanent change. Have discipline, and no doubt you will reach your goals
A head full of fears, has no space for dreams
Today: forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what is coming next
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
Dream big and surround yourself with people that believe you.
Sometimes on the way to your dream, you get lost and find a better one
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us
Take time to do what makes your soul happy
I think too often we live our daily lives doing what is only expected of us, instead of what inspires us or what connects us to ourselves. What makes you happy? What enlivens you? It's so easy to get caught up in responsibilities and tasks that we lose ourselves; however, it's important to set aside daily time to rejuvenate yourself and nourish your own happiness. After all when all is said in done, success without happiness is meaningless. Think about that. Find yourself, take time to nurture your life today
Disconnect Sitting quietly, just breathing in and out, we develop strength, concentration, and clarity. So sit like a mountain. No wind can blow the mountain down
Trust the wait. Embrace uncertainty. Enjoy the beauty of becoming. And when nothings is certain, anything is still possible.
Don't wait for opportunity create it
There will never be the time. Conditions will never be perfect. Accept the hand you are dealt, take action and seize this moment. Who knows, if you wait too long, you may miss your chance to accomplish something great
Take the time to appreciate everything. Notice new things you are grateful for daily. Even find gratitude in your challenges. Doing this will help you realize how blessed your life really is and that there's always much to be thankful for.
Do what scares you until it doesn't. everything worth doing starts with being a little scared
Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, I will try again tomorrow.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, and sometimes your smile is the source of your joy.
Some women fear the fire. Some women simply become it...
Sometimes, you need to step outside, get some air, and remind yourself of who you are and who you want to be.
Get out of your routine; make a new one. Once that feels natural, do it again. This means continually stepping out of your comfort zone to challenge yourself. Because to successfully modify behavior patterns that initiate change, you will need to try and get comfortable with being uncomfortable. It's the only way.
We have more possibilities available in each moment than we realize make today a good day. it's a thing
If the plan doesn't work, change the plan but never the goal
Don't let the happiness of others cause you to be jealous. A true sign of maturity is being happy for others even when life is hard on you.
She is at a place in her life where peace is her priority and negativity cannot exist.
How you choose to show up magnetizes what shows up for you
Perhaps the butterfly is proof that you can go through a great deal of darkness and still become something beautiful.
Ever feel like when it rains it pours? Yeah that's me this week It just so happens, that sometimes road bumps like to come in crowds. And just when you feel like your head is above the water, you get blindsided by another problem. To be honest, it can be a little overwhelming. But whether it's your personal life, work, training, health, family, whatever, we all experience those moments you are not alone said this exact same thing to a client of mine this week).
Trials will happen, but storms don't last forever. I think it's important to remember that the past has no power over the present moment. It's easy to fall into this me¡¨ trap of feeling sorry for yourself, but we all know it does no good to play the victim. What happens today, your actions and how you deal with issues is ultimately up to you. Accept it. Learn from it. Stop dwelling. Move forward. That's what I'm trying to keep in mind as we start a new week; maybe someone else needed to hear it too.
Every morning you have two choices. Continue to sleep with your dreams or wake up and chase them.
If you are persistent, you will get it. If you are consistent, you will keep it.
It's not what you do sometimes. It's not what you do occasionally. It's what you do all the time. If you want to shape your life, you have to be consistent with lifestyle changes. That's why it's so important to find something sustainable that works for you, whatever that may look like. Be patient, proud and love yourself throughout the process.
Be nice to yourself self love is the only ocean you can never drown in The deeper you dive in, the more your lungs fill with air.
Live less out of habit and more out of intent
Today, think of everything you are instead of everything you aren't. Everything you have instead of everything you don't. your body carry you to where you needed to go today? Were you able to spend time with those you love? Some people would trade places with you in a heartbeat so don't forget how lucky you are.
Be passionate about something bigger than yourself, it inspires growth. Be proactive about your dreams. Be patient with people, give the love you wish to receive
In the streets we call it vibes
Whatever you believe in, have faith in it. Follow it. Trust it. That is all today.
Sometimes I succeed, sometimes I fail, but every day is a clean slate and a fresh opportunity
Don't spend much time looking back in the past. Not last year, not even yesterday. Mostly because if you do, you may end up staying there
I think it's so important to remember that your past doesn't determine your future.
LET their criticism fuel your fire.
surround yourself with people who clap for you and most importantly prove all the others wrong.
Sometimes when you're in a dark place you think you've been buried, but you've actually been planted
have faith in the process you will learn and grow.
So take a step back and ask yourself, am I supposed to learn from this? What CAN I learn from this?¡¨ Setbacks will happen. Everyone has them. It's what you choose to do from this point on that will make or break you.
Appreciate why you started, where you started and how far you've come. Stay grounded and be GRATEFUL for the path you are on. This space is where your real transformation happens you are simply preparing yourself to step where you were truly meant to be.
accept yourself who you want to be, who you are now. it gives everyone permission to accept you as well.
Sometimes deciding who you are is deciding who you will never be again
That moment Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.
When it comes to any goal in life, your mind matters. Have an open mindset and your possibilities are endless. Have a negative mindset, and your possibilities are immediately destroyed before you even begin. It all begins with YOU.
No one ever stumbled on anything great while they were standing still. You have got to move. The pursuit of dreams inspires personal growth and development. Never stop defining your vision of what life should be.
Don't ever be afraid to show who you really are, because as long as you are happy with yourself, no one else's opinion matters
Sometimes you gotta take a break from all the noise to appreciate the beauty of silence.
Have a strategic plan, and be realistic about it
Celebrate every. single. tiny. achievement
Then focus Want it. See it. Live it. Breathe it
There are only two days in the year that nothing can be done. One is called yesterdayand the other is called tomorrow.
How much time are you wasting each day on things that don't really matter? Now and then, I think it's important to take a step back to examine all these things¡¨ you choose to spend time on. Ask yourself, are they helping hurting) your goals?
remember your priorities stay productive
The very moment you allow what happened to strengthen you you win
We cannot become what we want to be by remaining what we are
Do not give into self doubt. Ever.
Focus on what you can do, not what you can't. Small steps turn into miles
Too often we get caught up on thinking of all the things we can't do but what if we only concentrated on all the things we CAN do?
I'm not out here trying to look like anyone else. I'm not trying to be stronger than anyone or be better than anyone but myself. I'm just being me.
My point is, don't fall prey to changing yourself for someone else. Don't feel pressure that you need to live up to a certain standard. You wanna be strong? Do it for yourself. You wanna lose weight? That's cool too. Just make sure you are staying true to yourself. Take a look at your goals and ask yourself, WHO am I doing this for?
The world, your life, will respond to action and not much else
There is no such thing as failure only giving up too soon.
Do more things that make your heart smile.
Time is very precious every minute, every hour counts. We don't want to throw time away. We want to make good use of the minutes and the hours we have left. When we focus our attention in the here and now and live simply, we have more time to do the things we think are important. We don't waste our energy in thinking, in worrying...
The thing that is really hard really amazing is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself
Being perfect is an impossible goal. And aiming to have ZERO imperfections or expecting your performance to attain a level of excellence that cannot be exceeded is unrealistic and unhealthy. Think about it. You are setting yourself up to never be and never FEEL good enough the
We all have obsessed over perfection at some point in our lives. It took me 30 years to let go of impossible expectations and I haven't looked back. Instead of obsessing over perfection every detail, every flaw along the way I find I'm happiest when I simply strive to get things done. That doesn't mean I'm not out here trying my hardest, but I've also learned to accept that my best is good enough.
So that's it embrace your life, embrace your uniqueness and get. shit. done
Allow yourself to transform as many times as you need to be fully happy and free
Do it now. Sometimes becomes never.
We worry about tomorrow like it's promised.
The bad news is aren't going to fit in with everyone. But good news the great ones never do.
The power for creating a better future is contained in the present moment: You create a good future by creating a good present.
Never chase want you want. Elevate your game until what you want chases you.
Sometimes you gotta be a warm smile in a cold world lol
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Seems simple, right? But what is it that makes YOU happy? Not what makes someone else happy. I think it's important to remind yourself daily that you should just be who you wanna be, not what others think you should be That is all.
Days where it is hard to do your best are perfect to practice not punishing yourself.
But stop. Forgive yourself. Guess what?You are allowed to have speed bumps and setbacks. How you treat yourself during these times reveal your true commitment to growth
Progress is impossible without change. And those who cannot change their minds, cannot change anything
The best advice I ever got when somebody said, Intensity is interesting, but fun connects people. You can be childlike without being childish. A child always wants to have fun. Ask yourself, I having fun? Is this my bliss?'
Don't make yourself miserable with what is to come or not to come.
People will quit on you. Motivation will fade. Setbacks will happen. YOU have to get up every day and make sure you don't quit on yourself. Don't rely on anyone else and get out of your own way.
Stop yourself from stopping yourself. That is all.
Not everyone will understand or get your energy. Don't worry about pleasing everyone. Just worry about becoming your best self.
Anyone can give up, it's the easiest thing in the world to do. But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that's true strength.
Overcome what tries to defeat you. Conquer it.
Your perception of yourself affects your vibe. Love yourself, be confident in who you are, express your individuality and watch how differently people respond to you.
Sometimes you wish it was easier, but if it was, everyone else would do it. Then you remember you don't want to be like everyone?else.
You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward. Sometimes you gotta be a little spontaneous and say, know what? Let's do this.¡¨
It's okay not to know what will happen. It's okay not to feel ready you rarely ever do. Maybe it's not exactly how you envisioned things to play out. Maybe you gotta regroup and refocus and set new goals. Maybe you are nervous as hell. Guess what? That's OK. What's important is to not let fear hold you back from living. Don't let that stop you from starting your Day 1.
take a little risk. might just turn into something great.
I'm all about good vibes, big goals, amazing experiences, more happiness, healthy relationships staying focused on what matters
Sending love to all the girls out there trying to love themselves in a world that's constantly telling them not to
The biggest thing holding people back is the limiting beliefs and stories they tell themselves about their circumstances, their abilities and the world around them.
The most important decision you make today is to be in a good mood Okay maybe not the most important, but I'm sure it helps
Love means to uncover and release whatever keeps you from true happiness; to love, honor, and accept every single part of you, especially those that are kept in the dark. it means to observe yourself continually with the utmost honesty and without judgement. loving yourself means striving to reach new heights of self-understanding so as to cultivate the wisdom that inner peace requires."
In a world full of hate, injustice and negativity, rebel by loving more. That is all.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
You are the books you read, the films you watch, the music you listen to, the people you meet, the dreams you have, and the conversations you engage in.
Just a reminder to choose wisely with what you feed your mind today
Love is a term we hear a lot these days and for good reason. But I think it's important to not confuse self-love with thinking that you're better than everyone else. True self love is accepting all that you are, especially the darkest parts.
Not comparing. Not competing. Self love is a personal action. It does not grow the ego in fact, it should be pretty humbling as you uncover and begin to accept not just your strengths but also your weaknesses.
And the cool thing is, as your self-compassion grows, so does your ability to have compassion for others around you.
Reading a little client feedback yesterday and a huge smile came on my face when I read, an awful week. I didn't want to train, but I got up, did it anyway and I'm so glad I pushed myself to get there. If you can stay dedicated and push through tasks in less than ideal situations you WILL come out on top. This is what it's all about.
Happiness means feeling you are on the right path. And the path refers to the ways you choose to live your life in every moment. But what if you don't even need to arrive at the end of the path in order to be happy?
Currently pretending it's still Summer.
I think it's important to examine your habits and start releasing the ones that do not lead you to peace and joy. Something to think about today. Also
Girrs. We get so worried about being pretty. Let's be pretty kind. Pretty funny. Pretty smart. Pretty strong.
Going with the flow it doesn't necessarily mean you don't know where you are going, it means you are open to multiple ways of getting there.
use those fragments to make stepping stones to your own self-love
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake you can't learn anything from being perfect.
Don't waste it. Learn from it so you don't repeat it.
Wanna fly? Give up everything that weighs you down
This could be anything, anyone yourself, that pressures you into being less than you are. Ask yourself, is this element in my life hurting or helping? If it's not building your self confidence, it's probably toxic. Stop. Let go of anything that doesn't serve the person you want to become
Hey. I know you have big dreams for yourself, but don't forget to appreciate how far you've come already
My daughter, she exudes what I call grace. Gentle in nature, fierce when provoked. Speaks freely. Walks tall with a purpose. But is kind, gentle, loving. And I think I can learn from that.
Hi. Be kind to the person you are today she is the one with the vision and strength to create your future
no one else's opinion should matter.
it's funny how when you just start to own it and stop caring what people think, the things you were once criticized and insecure about become your most complimented.
Health isn't just about what you are eating. It's what you're thinking and what you're saying too. Less about food and how you look, more about what you can do and how you feel.
Define what winning looks like for you day to day, not just long term.?
The truth is, your life is mostly made up of day to day stuff, not milestone achievements.?
If you base your definition of success solely on whether or not you achieve your goals", you kinda hinder your enjoyment of life.
Every time we compete with others, we are already losing, because we are forgetting that life is not a race to be won but a journey we embark on to build our inner peace and wisdom. We create nonexistent competitions in our minds when we get carried away by the delusions of ego. The hierarchical conditioning of society combined with our attachment and creates a scenario in which only a few can succeed.
Having a world built on competition has created a situation in which humanity is overflowing with misery we thought we had to win, to harm each other to survive, but the moment we submitted ourselves to this scenario, we took a step away from our individual and collective freedom.
If you really want to make changes within and around, then you have to be as disciplined training your mind as you are with your body.
Fear of the unexpected leads many people to live a constricted and anxious life. No one knows in advance what will happen. NO one knows. Fear is FALSE evidence we make it up And for some reason, we sincerely believe it. Fear scares away our goals before we even try. Fear strangles our confidence.?We stop. We worry Well guess what? No amount of anxiety makes any difference to anything that is going to happen. It's true. In the end, you are only hurting yourself.
Instead, live in the moment. Just live. Whatever you are holding off on, start now. Take a chance. Have nothing to regret
their opinions aren't your problem
you stay kind, committed to love
Accept yourself as you are. And that is the most difficult thing in the world, because it goes against your training, education, your culture. From the very beginning you have been told how you should be. Nobody has ever told you that you are good as you are.
At any given moment, you have the power to say: this is not how the story is going to end
Guess what? You control the story of your life. And I'm a big believer that when you write the story your life, you shouldn't let anyone else hold the pen regardless of what others do or say. You are the one who decides your thoughts, desires, and ultimately what direction your journey will follow no one else.
Clarify Your Problems When you feel anxious and unsettled, it's often because you haven't clearly identified what's bothering you.
I talk about anxiety a lot. One because I have it And two because I know how much this evidence¡¨ can hold us back, take us away from the present and paralyze our future possibilities.
So stop. Pinpoint the issue first be precise about it. When we don't properly define our problems, they will seem bigger than they are. Ask yourself, is this real? Am I observing this situation accurately? What is actually going on here and what am I so fearful of happening?
Your brain is dealing with immediate threats in the environment, not vague anxieties about the past and future. So make your problems concrete and let your brain do what it does best.?That's all today.
I never thought I was a until I listened to how I speak to myself.
I think I owe myself an apology
The way you speak to yourself matters. And not just things you say out loud, these can be thoughts too. Kindness feeds your happiness. Confidence makes you strong. Self acceptance will give you patience. Peace and positivity will set you free.
No one will ever speak more to you than you speak to yourself, in your head, out loud, however. Be kind to yourself.
Sometimes it's not about how good you are, it's about how bad you want it
He who has a why, can bear with almost any how
Build a better why, and you will be more likely to pack meals on a trip, get your butt out of bed early to hit the gym, weigh all your food, track all your meals, fit cardio in on your lunch break basically do whatever it takes to meet your goals?.
That's why specific goal setting is important. As humans, we like to live by looking into the future. Naturally, we find inner strength by setting a future goal because it's something we can look forward to. Without an aim, it's hard to carry on ESPECIALLY when conditions get difficult or when sacrifices need to be made. So the stronger your why, the more trials you can bear.
But enough of my rambling¡K think about YOUR why. In the end, sometimes how much you are willing to go through and sacrifice, simply comes down to how bad you really want it
If you are going to be serious about change, you are going to have to go through uncomfortable situations. Stop trying to dodge the process, it's the only way to grow.
Don't allow what's not going right in your life, to distract you from what it is.
Strength: It also looks like stopping to nurture, nourish, restore and align yourself
Ignore what everyone else is doing and achieving. Your life is about breaking your own limits and outgrowing yourself to live your best life. You are not in competition with anyone else. Plan to outdo your past, not other people
People don't give themselves enough credit for overcoming things and getting better. Like, you made it this far. Celebrate your strength
You only grow when you push yourself beyond your perceived limits. When you demand more from yourself, you will get more.
Our comfort zone has endless mental and emotional trappings to block our growth and to keep us in the same space of life. This is why transcending our comfort zone is essential to our growth, wholeness, progress, success and higher-being.
I think it's important to remember that sameness does not always mean safety and change does not always mean danger even though we feel this way sometimes. What helps is to focus on GROWTH instead of comfort, and that action is the driver of motivation the other way around).
Simply put, if you want to tap in to your potential, avoidance is not the way of life.
Don't be ruled by habits and get comfortable with being uncomfortable.
If you don't spill food on your white t shirt, it probably just means you aren't eating enough.
Trusting your own process when no one else does
Changing your mind if something else aligns with your path
Taking all the time you need to heal or process
Being unapologetic about the things that heal you and make you vibrate higher
There comes a time when we have to be brave enough to start our own journey. What will you choose?
Keep in mind that the person you admire and aspire to be like is still learning, falling, failing, rising back up and/or growing daily.
If you are clear about your goals and take several steps in the right direction every day, eventually you will succeed
So decide what it is you want write it down review it constantly and each day do something that moves you toward those goals.
Stop waiting and start living.?
Stop overthinking and start taking action.
Stop wishing for better things to come along and start recognizing all the good that's already in your life
Heal yourself first the rest will come later
Avoid distractions. The more you distance yourself from purposeless activities the more time you free up to bettering yourself
What you believe about yourself and your life on a deep subconscious level is what you live out daily through your actions, words, choices and habits. It's also what you attract and manifest
Be mindful of the power of your beliefs and their power over your life
This has been on my mind the modified caption), as this concept was brought to my attention recently. I know i'm kinda a sarcastic person really sarcastic and sometimes I don't have nice things to say about myself. Joking or not, these negative thoughts only bring negative attention. Sure it seems innocent¡X but is it really? So, that being said... here's my written commitment that I'm going to work on this as as I'm back to eating in a surplus. Also, I really do eat ice cream every day but I fit it in my macros
While in the midst of internal external growth, respect your need to rest
Relax. Grow at your own pace. And keep in mind that speed doesn't matter as long as you are making progress.
When we show up as our imperfect, authentic selves
There will never be another you.
Live from your purpose for being here
This is where your highest joy is, it's in freely doing you and your purpose.
Vibrate higher, elevate, and unfold daily
Think about where you were last year.?
Think about the things that used to worry you so much that no longer consume your mind. Little things, big things, allll the things you never thought you would accomplish but did
These are the things to be grateful for; they are beautiful reminders of progress, achievements and that even after next year, you are going to be okay
You won't be distracted by comparison if you are captivated by purpose
Stop comparing yourself to others don't worry about what others are doing and instead use that energy to embrace what you are doing
Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams, talk you out of yours
Often, the only thing that's wrong with you is the belief that something is wrong with you.
Just a reminder to keep negativity in perspective and celebrate your strengths
Here's the thing about making changes it is going to get hard. And when it does, you have two choices: STAY, or WALK OUT on yourself. My advice? Stay tough. Keep grinding. Make it work. Give yourself a chance to see the magic.
There is not statue of limitations on starting over. Re-invent yourself every day. Be the girl who walks barefoot and listens to the blues. Tomorrow, wear a trench coat and speak fierce truths. Be a phoenix. Be ashes. Burn down. Resurrect. Let go of the idea that you must always be who you have always been. That's what I do anyway
Don't adapt to the energy in the room. Influence the energy in the room.
Yes I weigh less on the left. And yes I'm perfectly fine with weighing more now. A couple things I've learned: don't be afraid to eat and being isn't always more.
That being said changes don't happen overnight. It's a slow process that takes consistency, smart training and discipline. My legs have taken years to grow. Keep putting in the work, and one day you will look back, see where you started and say wow. OK. I've gotten somewhere.
As much as you're blind to your own weaknesses, you can also be blind to your own strengths You have no idea how great your life can be when you start placing bets on your own greatness
Never allow waiting to become a habit. Instead, live your dreams. Take risks. Why? Because life is happening NOW.
If you do not go after what you want, you'll never have it.
If you do not ask, the answer will always be no.
If you do not step forward, you will always be in the same place.
Isn't it amazing that we can aspire to become the best version of ourselves while still loving ourselves completely for who we are?
Nothing great happens instantly. Healing and goals take time; patience is a must. There are a lot of shifts and realizations that must take place for change to manifest. So although they may not be happening now, those small efforts that you're making will eventually pay off
Do you ever get frustrated because you feel like you should be somewhere else?
Let go of the idea that there is something else you be doing. When you work, work. When you play, play. Whatever you do, be there totally
My priorities have shifted a bit this year and that's okay.
I think it's important to remember that you can do anything, but you can't do everything. Think about the big picture, and decide what's most important. Don't worry peeps still working on staying healthy, bigger lifts and better strength gains tho
Self-worth is sooo vital to your happiness. If you don't feel good about you, it's hard to feel good about anything else.
Celebrate even your baby steps, they move you forward too
Confidence It's not walking into a room with your nose up thinking you're better than everyone else. It's walking into a room and not having to compare yourself to anyone in the first place
Don't become so fearful of falling, that you stop standing up
Setbacks are undoubtedly the ultimate test of your strength. You're basically slapped in the face with two options: Quit? Or keep pushing through adversity to earn the success you deserve I'm no stranger to setbacks fact I kinda just laugh about them now and one thing I know about myself is that I'll never quit trying.
Be patient with your setback, which will require a calm mind and being kind to yourself. Treat it like a lesson, not a burden. Take the time to work on your weaknesses. Take the time for self-care you need it now, more than ever).
Remember you aren't alone, and everyone has them. This isn't the end, and fears are just stories we tell ourselves.
Sometimes, you just gotta wear pink and hug a fluffy unicorn
Really though, it's times like this that I try to remember that all great changes are preceded by chaos. Or maybe they aren't but that's what I'm telling myself Lol.
Busier than ever, still trying to find balance, but I know it will all be worth it.
You often feel tired, not you've done too much, but because you've done too little of what sparks a light in you.
Sometimes you have to remember that life isn't what you are given, or even what you have it's what you create, what you conquer and what you aim to achieve
Kind reminder today to be strong keep going If you feel like giving up on that person you are becoming, remember that eyes could be watching You never know who you are inspiring
Pay attention to your patterns. The ways you learned to survive may not be the ways you want to continue to live
You've been criticizing yourself for a while now and it hasn't worked. Maybe try appreciating yourself and see what happens.
Learn how to select your thoughts the same way you select your clothes every day. This is a power you can cultivate. If you want to control things in your life, start with your mind.
The world has enough critics. Instead, why not build someone up? A few kind words can change their day and help put their insecurities to sleep. You might be surprised, but praise can be a v powerful thing. By giving a little encouragement, you could be a light in a too often dim world.
Instead, have realistic expectations of yourself.
Remember your strengths, then nurture them.
Embrace your individuality and find meaning in what you do.
Not all storms come to disrupt your life, some come to clear your path. Think of how clear a sky is after a storm So what if everything you are going through is preparing you for what you asked?
No matter what your current circumstances are, if you can imagine something better for yourself, you can create it?.
Yep. Our brains construct our reality based on what we pay attention to. When you learn to manage and direct your focus, you have the power to improve your life
Your intentions shape your world. Every Sunday, think about your intentions for the week, the month, the year. Use this time to get excited about your goals. Describe the kind of person you want to become and put that energy into the universe
I know sometimes we feel like it, but you aren't behind in life. Seriously. There's no schedule or timetable we all haaave to follow. It's kind of all made up And as cliche as it sounds, wherever you are is exactly where you need to be Billions of people aren't going to do everything in exactly the same order, or as fastslow as another. We are all different. We all have different goals. Your life is on your own schedule, so stop comparing your unique timetable to someone else's schedule. It doesn't work like that
Make self-love a priority so you can protect and manage your energy. Meet your needs so you can vibe higher and manifest greatness. How? Do things that enhance your life. Yep, simple as that. Which really means knowing and understanding what is best for you then do more of that.
Failproof way to feel better about yourself put some high rise leggings on, wash your hair and get a spray tan for me).. No really though. A lot of our frustrations come from this feeling like we should be somewhere we are not
You'll get wherever you need to be in time. For now, just remember that every day is a step forward.
embracing the present. Ensure your life isn't lived entirely in your head
Sometimes, we make life all about a future that exists only in our imagination and completely miss what's happening in front of us
If you don't prove that you're serious about what you do, you can't expect other people to be serious about it either
You can't be that kid standing at the top of a water slide overthinking it, you have to go down the chute.
Pause too long and fear can easily consume you. Don't overthink it. Go
Ignore what everyone else doing. Your life isn't about everyone else it's about you. Instead of focusing on their path, pay attention to your own. That's where your journey is taking place
You can't move forward with thoughts that hold you back
If you can't change a situation, change your perception of it. You can either be controlled, or be in control
The size of your jeans doesn't define you The number on the scale doesn't define you Those expectations don't define you. Those opinions don't define you
Don't let socially constructed ideas about beauty lower your self-esteem. There are no rules to beauty. Accept and love yourself as you are. Embrace your flaws and get comfortable in your own skin. Wear your imperfections like they don't need a season to be fashionable.
"Dreams are renewable. No matter what our age or condition, there are still untapped possibilities within us and new beauty waiting to be born" 
"For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream."
"It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things."
"Like a morning dream, life becomes more and more bright the longer we live, and the reason of everything appears more clear. What has puzzled us before seems less mysterious, and the crooked paths look straighter as we approach the end." 
"The face is more honest than the mouth will ever be"
So I studied... I struggled... I laughed and cried. There were days I felt strong and days I felt weaker. At the end of the day I did the best that I could and I found comfort in prayer. A big thank you to all my family and to my real friends that made it possible for me to KEEP CALM AND PASS THE BAR the first time! I am beyond relieved right now! 
Life... It's more about the journey than it is about the destination
Keep your head high and your chin up, but most importantly keep smiling. Should be easy considering how beautiful life is and how you have so much to smile about 
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy."
"The danger for most of us is not in setting our aim too high and failing; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark." 
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. 
These streets will make you feel brand new. Big lights will inspire you 
"I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass."
"We all got dreams and we all star reaching, all star peaking... 
takes two to make a thing go right... It takes two to make it out of sight
Confidence is the ability to feel beautiful without needing someone to tell you. 
Don't BECOME less than. Don't ACCEPT less than. Be willing to remain alone until the RIGHT one arrives.
Don't follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path... and leave a trail. 
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, or worn. It is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace  gratitude.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You¡¦re on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who¡¦ll decide where to go¡K¡¨
The deepest rivers flow with the least sound 
I had my ups and downs, but I always find the inner strength to cool myself off. I was served lemons, but I made lemonade. Know that I kept it sexy and know I kept it fun 
I have learned, and am reminded often, that there is something utterly amazing in being unapologetically Y-O-U! Amongst a slew of other quirks and characteristics, I'm goofy as all hell... But I just be living and loving life!! You should join me... Cut the bullshit, find your happy place and just LIVE. 
"If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it, I know I can achieve it."
A Free Spirit is a person with a highly individual or unique personality, lifestyle or imagination; a non-conformist. Sometimes, most of the time, that's a good thing! Won't you come be in the sky with me? 
The only difference between a winner and a loser is a winner plays until they win.
"Next move betters than my last move. Your next move can't erase your past moves."
"It's never about the perception, always about the reality. It's rarely about the pose, always about the purpose of the photograph. It's not even about the size of the smile, but the reason for the smile."
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek."
"We need to internalize this idea of excellence. Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent." 
"I've learned that working with the negative could make for better pictures." 
It was dope. "When you can relate to someone, you connect with them, and it's harder to judge them. Let's be more compassionate to our neighbors, even if we have differences."
I want to infuse more of my opinion.. But I'm going to leave this right here. Just know this was an amazing experience and I look forward to being involved in more! 
It's complimentary to the savages. 
I never act like I invented the wheel, but I definitely keep it rolling 
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change
The next time you think of beautiful things, don't forget to count YOURSELF in
"I'm way too different to treat the same.. You still playing I already beat the game."
Pride is the community coming together and showing that love is real 
"It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not."
Under construction, but you definitely don't want to miss anything 
"Believe in your flyness, conquer your shyness."
"You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty."
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that."
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy."
"Shining like a diamond guess I been under pressure lately." 
"There are some people in life that make you laugh a little louder, smile and little bigger, and live just a little better."
You always leave me a little better than you found me and I'm sure anyone who knows you agrees.
"Not all who wander are lost."
Take only memories, leave only footprints.
"Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it."
While I have definitely wrapped presents and forgotten to send or give them. I don't want to let another day pass without me expressing my sincerest appreciation to everyone that made this birthday one to remember. Thank you to those that celebrated with me and/or sent gifts, happy birthday shoutouts, and positive vibes my way. 
Every text, package, phone call, hug, social media post or message, card.... literally all of it made me so happy and I'm so blessed to have such amazing people that like me So as my birthday trip comes to a close and I head back to the dungeon of reality, I have a moment to reflect on how special I got to feel this birthday. This has been an amazing year and I wish the same for all of you! 
"Some people look for a beautiful place, others make a place beautiful." 
you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.¡¨ 
Memories take us back, dreams take us forward.
"Blessed are the curious for they shall have adventures."
Oh hey! I'm just here reflecting on all the things I'm thankful for Like beans, greens, potatoes, tomatoes... you name it!! JK Seriously though, I am beyond thankful for SO much, today and everyday! 
Travel is probably the only thing you buy that makes you richer
No reason to stay is a good reason to go.
One of, if not the, first song these young ladies of Mission of Grace learned in English. These girls were generally shy but didn't let their fears stop them from performing for us. Beautiful spirits and beautiful voices.
Little peak into a precious moment I had with Ms. Sophie. The other babies were pretty much like "hi" and "bye" to me, but Sophie acted like she knew me. She made my heart tingle a little.
There's a hope that's waiting for you in the dark.
As with any journey, who you travel with can be more important than the destination.
with a pure mind a person speaks or acts, happiness follows them like a never-departing shadow.
Sometimes you just have to straighten that crown and move forward like the queen you are.
Continuing with that pattern tradition, my goal is to make 2017 exponentially greater than this year. I'm leaving "friends", problems, concerns, and a lot of other bullshit in 2016... BUT I'm taking the real ones, some dope goals that might make some of y'all nervous, more knowledge, experiences, faith and abundance with me into what is sure to be the most amazing year of my life!
So, as we lead into what may be a trying and scary year for a lot of us, I hope that each of you find the courage to remain optimistic and get excited for the things that ARE in your control. Toast to the amazing things that happened this year!! 366 days and they weren't all bad! Get excited about growth!! Now turn up... and get LIT
"Life is all about the evolution. I give up, I give in, I move back a little. YOU CAN DREAM BUT DON'T NEGLECT THE EXECUTION. I lift up, I look up, now I'm back for more."
"I am asking you to believe. Not in my ability to bring about change, but in yours."
Your wings already exist, all you have to do is fly.
This trip to Cuba confirmed what I already knew to be true, I love these two right here and will travel the globe with them if they'll let me 
Use your smile to change the world, don't let the world change your smile.
"Don't Worry, Be Happy" is the single most complex-genius thing anyone has ever said."
How amazing it must feel to finally meet that one special person that was made just for you.
"But people are oceans. You cannot know them by their surface." 
Be fearless in pursuit of what sets your soul on fire
I wonder if the beach misses me, too.
Those that don't got it, can't show it. Those that got it, can't hide it. 
You are far too smart to be the only thing standing in your way.
Live your best life, but don't take it too seriously.
"Every act of creation is first an act of destruction." 
Because a little bit of summer is what the whole year is all about. 
When the wicked advance against me to devour me, it is my enemies and my foes who will stumble and fall.
Know yourself, know your worth.
Linked in Friendship, Connected in Service.
I turned the 6 upside down, it's a 9 now.
I almost fell off my unicorn when someone told me I'm living in a fantasy.
What if Transformation Tuesday was also about acknowledging the people that contribute to said transformation?
Thanks for making the biggest goals seem like mere hurdles. Keep paving the way. I'm super proud of you!
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.
She¡¦s at peace and yet somehow on fire.
Be thankful for what you have, and fearless for what you want.
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It¡¦s not something you learn in school. But if you haven¡¦t learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven¡¦t learned anything.¡¨
Thank you! I love y¡¦all to the moon and back
What I like about black and white photographs is that they're more like reading a book than seeing the movie.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
Not all cards are meant to be played at once.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
too many others have been more cautious than courageous and have remained silent behind the anesthetizing security of stained-glass windows. 
Good things come to those who wait; better things come to those who work for it.
When your friends are always there to remind you that you¡¦re actually a super hero too.
Hustle will always beat talent when talent doesn¡¦t hustle. Respect the hustle Respect the grind. 
Because life is all about the EVOLUTION.
This trip was super lit for me. I may share more later, but just know that something life changing happened while I was in Thailand... but because of my faith and because I was surrounded by such dope and supportive FRIENDS, I wasn¡¦t distracted from what¡¦s most important LIVING YOUR BEST LIFE
YOU CAN DREAM BUT DON'T NEGLECT THE EXECUTION. 
But baby you only lose when you don¡¦t swing back.
Life literally begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Sometimes you have to create your own flow.
You don't know the risk if you ain't carried the weight... If you¡¦ve never been down the road that wasn't already paved. 
Self love is the greatest middle finger
It¡¦s not just where you travel, it¡¦s who you experience your travels with.
What if everyone is equally weak on the inside, but some just manage to present their ruins as new castles and become queens/kings. 
Today¡¦s food for thought: Good things don't always get to you the way that you want it.
I honestly didn¡¦t choose the Lit life, the Lit Life chose me
Always keepin it 8 more than 92
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope.
Some women are lost in the fire; some women are built from it.
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.
I got the esteemed pleasure of witnessing one of the most inspiring and genuine unions to date. Restoring my faith and hope toward love and most importantly that God has literally laid everything out. The story behind this union is so magical and I can¡¦t wait to see their exponential growth in all aspects of life.
You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them. Try to be a rainbow in someone¡¦s cloud. Do not complain. Make every effort to change things you do not like. If you cannot make a change, change the way you have been thinking. You might find a new solution.
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazing at stars.
Stop for nothing if you¡¦re after something. 
If the path itself is beautiful, let¡¦s not worry as much about where it leads.
I¡¦m here for all the things that set my soul on fire this year.
Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction ends up being the biggest step of your life. So, tip toe if you must, but¡K Take. The. Step!!
The river is constantly turning and bending and you never know where it's going to go and where you'll wind up.
Following the bend in the river and staying on your own path means you are on the right track. Don't let ANYONE deter you from that. 
A friendly reminder that, you stand for nothing, you¡¦ll fall for anything. Today¡¦s mighty oak is yesterday¡¦s nut that held its ground.
Believe me, while I am passionate, I¡¦m not the type of person that feels like everyone has to stand for the same things I choose to, but you need to either be that mighty oak or the nut holding its ground.
Cause 99 and a half, it won¡¦t be enough.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Just have fun smile And keep putting on lipstick
Red lips and fragrance always top off an outfit for me.
The rainbows of life follow the storm.
My beauty icons are women whose images are self-created.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
To the world, you may be one person, but to one person you are the world.
There is beauty in a woman whose confidence comes from experiences; a woman who knows she can fall, pick herself up, and move on
strong now, because things will get better. It may be stormy now, but it can¡¦t rain forever.
Many People Expect A Lot of things from u! But There are Very Few People, Who Expect Nothing More than u. 
Memories is Nice But Dreams are better
People always ask me how long it takes to do my hair. I don¡¦t know, I¡¦m never there.
All things truly wicked start from innocence.
Look Deep into Nature and then You will understand Everything
When you lose a couple of times, it makes you realize how difficult it is to win.  
Jewelry has the power to be this one little thing that can make you look Unique
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
you can wear all the greatest clothes but you¡¦ve got to have a good spirit on the inside. That¡¦s what¡¦s really going to make you look like you¡¦re ready to rock the world
Lost a Little Bit of Myself Somewhere
LIPSTICK IS REALLY MAGICAL It holds more than a waxy bit of color it holds the promise of a brilliant Smile a brilliant Day Both literally and Figuratively.
The greatest inspiration you can ever get is to know that you are an inspiration to others. Wake up and start living an inspirational life today. 
I have always loved fashion because it's a great way to express your mood.
No other color conveys as many contradictions as black, and that¡¦s probably why it¡¦s arguably the most loved color in fashion
Self confidence Is the Best Outfit Rock it Own It
A graceful woman gets strength from troubles, smiles when distressed and grows even stronger with prayers and hope. Wishing you a very happy women¡¦s day, so be grateful because today is your day!
My entire Look is for Love Your Self What you are When you love yourself People can Kind of Pick up on that They can see your Confidence that people naturally gravitate towards you
Life is Supposed to be Fun So is Fashion your ripped denim Reflect your Personality 
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun. Fall in love. Regret nothing, and don¡¦t let people bring you down.
I am thankful for my blessings, and I focus on the good things in my life thereby giving them power to grow and multiply.
Life is full of beautiful things : soft sunset,pointed Rainbow, dedicate blossoms,love & laughter ,Quiet moments & fantastic people like U & ME. Good Morning. I love You all
You may not know what is going to happen when you try, but, if you don't try, nothing will happen. So Keep trying...!
I' m Going to make everything around me beautiful that will be my life
Peace of Mind is a beautiful gift, which only we can give to ourselves, just by expecting nothing from anyone, even after doing everything for others.
There are Two Primary Choices in Life; To accept conditions as they exist or accept the responsibility to change them
Life is like a novel, Its filled with suspense, U have no idea what¡¦s going to happen, Until u turn the page. Keep turning ur pages, And enjoy the thrill of life.
Life is a great mirror. If your face is happy the mirror also shows you a happy face. In this you if you approach to life with full of happiness, your life will also show you only happiness. 
I Love Fashion I Like Looking Fresh And Wearing New Stuffs
Brave concept is "Do or Die" Practical concept is "Do before you Die" Winner's concept is "Don't Die, until you Do it"
World is not a Parking space Its a Racing track Keep on Moving No matter when where you Start But Reach your Goal Make a New Record
If you Don't have a Smile I'll Give you one of Mine
The best time for new beginnings is now, rise up and attack the day with enthusiasm.
The color pink makes everything look pretty
Don't underestimate the power of thoughts and words. What you tell yourself every morning will set your mind and life on that path. Talk success, victory, happiness and blessings over your destiny
Each Morning When You Open Your Eyes, Think Only Three Things... Thank You, Thank You And Thank You.
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
Don't be afraid of change. You may lose something good but will gain something better.
I will Start Working When my Coffee Does
Everyday I wakeup and attack the day And i do that by quietly drinking my coffee and nodding like I understand people.
To be successful, the first thing to do is fall in love with your work.
My fashion statement depends on my mood.
I love my Hair Because Its a Reflection of me and me is beautiful
Until your victory makes a history, Focus on your Beautiful Life Today. 
Put on the Coziest sweat Tee today then walked outside to cold weather
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.
Tomorrow is the First blank page of the 365 page Book.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Success comes from having dreams that are bigger than your fears.
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.
Fashion is the armor to survive the reality of everyday life
Dance to impress Yourself Not for anybody Else
The most important thing is never stop believing.
Your hardships, your hustle, your heart these are the ingredients for success.
TO ME IS ABOUT BEING COMFORTABLE IN YOUR OWN SKIN THAT OR A KICK olive LIPSTICK
One day you will wake up there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now.
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
Life has got all those twists and turns. You've got to hold on tight and off you go.
There's no competition when you're manifesting your own lane.
When your MIND learns to put control on your EGO, you become eligible to live the most PEACEFUL JOYFUL life. 
Accept yourself irrespective of your imperfection and express your skills.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
The Beginning Is Always Tough But once I¡¦m in It I become Unstoppable 
I know every second of the work I do...I¡¦m working towards reaching my goals and making my dreams a reality.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
True success requires sacrifice.
I believe the world is incomprehensibly beautiful, an endless prospect of magic and wonder.
You are the artist of your life. Don't give the paintbrush to anyone else.
Believe In your Dreams I¡¦m Dreamer No matter Where you are in your Life, No matter what age you are It is Never late to follow your dreams
All you need in the warm summer days is a cool dip in the water.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
BEING STYLISH IS ABOUT ENJOYING YOUR LIFE AND EXPRESSING YOURSELF AND YOUR INNER LIGHT.
How to be happy: Decide every Morning that you are in a good Mood
Personally I would never use someone as a ladder to make my way forward, always believed that I would want to build my own ladder and use it to achieve what I have in mind for myself! 
My faith in God and my own destiny has always been strong! Also thanks to all of you who go through what I write here, it certainly means a lot to me, Coz I believe there¡¦s a lot more in my mind than my pictures can express!
The More black you wear The more Powerful You look
We don't grow when things are easy. We grow when we face challenges.
One of the happiest moments in life is when you find the courage to let go of what you can't change.
When you have faith, everything is possible.
You Carry so much love to in your Heart Give some to yourself
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. your good is better and your better is best.
Some travel to get lost i travel to get more wise
Enroute to the lap of nature to find peace
There is an unspoken Bond you Create With the Friend you Travel
Yesterday i was clever so i wanted to change the world but today i am wise so i am changing myself
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
I want to drop Everything and Just Travel the world With someone Who wants to Just As much As I Do
Some people come in our life as blessings and others come in our life as lessons
Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than you are to your comfort zone.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible.
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
You are never Fully Dress Without Perfume
The greatest gift that you can give to Each others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.
and go, like the waves of the ocean, but the true ones stay like an octopus on your face.
If You Can Dream It You Can Do It 
Wherever you go becomes a part of you somehow
We live a very joyful life, with a lot of laughter and good times.
I wander for distraction, but I travel for fulfilment.
One million memories, ten thousand inside jokes, one hundred shared secrets, one reason
Love Your Life Believe In your Own Power Your Own Potential and Your Own innate Goodness
The more you are positive and say, want to have a good life, the more you build that reality for yourself by creating the life that you want.
When you see something beautiful in someone, tell them. It would only take a second for you to say, but for them, it could last a lifetime!
Don¡¦t Wait for the Perfect Moment Take the Moment Make It perfect
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.
I believe in being strong When everything seems to be going wrong
I believe in the power of great clothing. It can evoke confidence, beauty, and a sense of glamour.
If you feel glamorous, you definitely look glamorous.
Beauty is when you can appreciate yourself. When you love yourself, that's when you're most beautiful.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire
Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance
Being glamorous is about strength and confidence.
No matter what a woman looks like, if she's confident, she's sexy.
It¡¦s Beautiful The Way You Heal Your Heart With SELF LOVE
She¡¦s the Kind Of Queen that Never really need a King, A Throne or A Crown all she ever need is Herself
You can have anything you want in life if you dress for it.
since your craze has come over me, the love that was there just a little bit, has increased.
Something so delicate deserves to be worn by someone worth of its beauty. Simplicity reveals the pure beauty of life.
Opposites not only just attract but also make life interesting and fun.? 
An extrovert like me would have never imagined falling in love with someone as introverted as he.
His calm balances my eccentricity. It¡¦s funny how despite these stark differences our love for each other remains untainted. And that¡¦s what makes our love so rare. 
Style is a way to say who you are without having to speak
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
There is no religion without love. Accept who you are and revel in it
You have to believe in yourself, challenge yourself, and push yourself until the very end that's the only way you'll succeed.
You Deserve Someone who sees you as too Important to Lose
I'm a true believer in karma. You get what you give, whether it's bad or good.
Someone will come one day and will choose you over and over again
I believe in tradition and innovation, authenticity and passion.
Do What You Want and Be proud of it because you¡¦re the only one who has to live your Life
A goal should scare you a little and excite you a lot.
Beauty gets the attention, Personality gets the heart
Go where you feel most alive and Here I am
Shoes transform your body language and attitude. They lift you physically and emotionally.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
I¡¦ve never really been aware of what is said about me, whether it's positive or negative. I ignore it. I've always had the mind-set: no-one can challenge me better than myself
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others
You Attract What You are Not What You Want
If you think and truly believe you are a confident individual, then you are and it shows!
The sweetest Revenge is Self Growth
Consistency is the key to achieving anything you desire in life!
Everyday find new purpose to make it happen!
Develop the growth mindset. All change happens in a moment!
Success is built on a foundation of taking consistent action! Become obsessed with the process. The journey is the reward!
Commit to becoming the best version of yourself each and every single day you wake up.
Learn to give back by reaching out and helping others. This will bring you greater gratification than anything else you do in life!
I dare you to stop settling for average.
Set goals and envision what you want. Believe that you can create a better life.
Don't give up on something just because it's hard or it didn't work out the way you planned. You are going to face adversity. Learn from your mistakes and keep pushing forward. You will never grow without resistance.
It is so important to have a vision and know where you are going in life. This vision will push you to greatness. Speak it into existence even if you're not where you want to be right now!
Will you answer? I invite you to start saying yes to your dreams.
Everyday you wake up you better be spending time on your dream. If you are not growing you are dying. Always be learning and growing mentally, spiritually, emotionally and physically.
Your reputation is everything in today's world. To prosper you must build good relationships with other like-minded individuals because no one ever becomes successful on their own. It takes a team of individuals that all bring their talents to the table.
The only limitations that we have are the ones that we choose to acknowledge.
To get what you want in your life you must be willing to step outside of your comfort zone. Don't feel like doing something because you are uncomfortable doing? Make yourself do it anyway. You are growing your resiliency muscle every time you push yourself past your fears.
Elevate yourself to become the best version of you. Don't allow fear to control your life.
If you believe in something then don't let anyone or anything stop you from going after what you want in life. There will always be resistance as you grow but it's apart of the process.
Are you actively pursuing goals? Do you have a vision of what you want your future to look like? People without a vision become vision killers. You must find something to compel you forward and keep you going.
When you change the way you think, your whole life will begin to change. By making small incremental changes in your life it will eventually lead to big success. Start to think bigger and become clear on what you want in your life.
Each day force yourself to step out of your comfort zone. It is crucial to put yourself into a perpetual state of discomfort in order for you to grow.
What addictions do you have? Are they contributing to your freedom or contaminating your freedom?
What is something that you have been putting off that you know you should do? The window of opportunity closes fast, so it is important to act quickly when an opportunity arises.
The best investment you will ever make is yourself. The better you become, the better your life will become. Take time today and make an investment in yourself. Done daily, overtime these small little investments lead to big results due to a compounding effect.
When you find your definite purpose and burning desire to achieve that a lot of people will begin to think you are crazy or have changed. That's a GOOD thing because you are growing and they are not. It makes them feel insecure about not going after what they want in life.
It's time you break through those barriers. The chains of habit are too weak to be felt until they are too strong to be broken.
Are you willing to go against the crowd and be different? Every great person in history was always willing to question the way things are and take the path less traveled. Change comes from when you start to think differently than the masses.
This is slight edge thinking. Your income will never long exceed you own personal development. The best investment you will ever make is in yourself. Grow and learn daily. Self-education will make you a fortune.
Are you wandering through life with no direction or purpose? Get clarity on what you want to achieve and where you want to go. If not, you will spend your life working for someone else, building their dreams.
Are you willing to do whatever it takes to achieve your dreams and goals? What are you willing to sacrifice to create the life you desire? Are you committed or are you just interested?
Be careful of who you choose to surround yourself with as you break free from the ordinary and begin to rise to the top. Most people will want to see you do good, but never better than them.
To become a true original you must be willing to break some of the rules. You have to learn to question what society has conditioned you to believe.
Before you can achieve greatness, you must first BELIEVE in yourself.
Never underestimate the power of dreams and the influence of the human spirit. We are all the same in this notion: The potential for greatness lives within each of us."
FEAR- False Evidence Appearing Real. Are you allowing fear to dictate your life? It's time to take control of your fears.
No one is going to hand me success. I must go out and get it myself. That is why I'm here. To dominate. To conquer. Both the world and myself." This is a quote from the book school of greatness"
It's just as easy to have a big vision as it is to have a mediocre vision. Dream big.
Are you afraid to take that next step in your life but know it's what you need to do? Turn your fear into energy. Stop letting your fear hold you back from achieving greatness.
Your personal brand is everything. How do you treat others? What value do you add to the world? Are you judgmental? Are you a contributing member of society? Don't ruin the identity you have worked so hard to build by being someone you are not. Raise your standards and hold that level of integrity around every person you come into contact with.
Are you afraid of taking that next step in your life? The beautiful life that you desire is so much closer to you than you think. To achieve greatness we must step out of our comfort zones and step into the unknown.
Are you setting yourself up to win in life? Stop building someone else's dreams and start building your own.
When you come into contact with other people it is important to be conscious of the way you make that person feel. Your energy will have a ripple effect. Find a way to add value to that persons life.
Are you settling for average in your life? It takes just as much effort to be average as it does to achieve greatness. You just need to change your thinking. An average life will never bring you fulfillment or success.
How are you making others feel? The impact you have on others is one of the most valuable things you can focus on. Become a person of value, not information.
What is your driving force that keeps you going?
Are you laser focused on your goals or are you just interested? The reason why a flash light can't cut through a diamond and a laser can is because the amount of focus directed in one specific area it is able to cut through the diamond.
Are you waiting for everything to be just right before you take action? If you sit back and overanalyze a situation then you will never make a move. This is known as analysis paralysis. Sometimes you just need to jump and not know the outcome, fail forward.
We learn the most about ourselves when we fail at something. Strength grows out of struggles. Human problems force people to develop their minds.
Is this picture a representation of your life? Everyone has the same 24 hours in a day. Stop acting like we get 2 chances at this life. When you find your purpose, it doesn't matter what day of the week it is.
YOUR mind is your biggest asset. Once you are able to master your mind you can set it free. This is only achieved by taking massive action and going against what society conditions you to believe. You have to be able to make your own decisions and take charge of your life. Stop caring what others think because they don't do it that often anyway.
ARE YOU APART OF THE RAT RACE? 99 percent of society lives their life out of a box. They live in a box, eat out of a box, drive to work in a box, sit in a box at work, stare at a box for 8 hours, communicate through a box and then end up in a box. That life will never bring you fulfillment. Are you complaining that tomorrow is Monday or are you pumped up for the week!?
Take the road less traveled. If you do what everyone else does then you will have what everyone else has.
As you step into who you really are many people will try to pull you back. People without a vision will try to kill your vision. It is important you stay on your path of growth. Stay true to what you know is your purpose in this life.
Just remember when you are out partying and horsing around someone else is winning. How are spending the 24 hours you have in the day? We all have the same 24 hours. Don't sit back and be a victim of your own life. Get up and make it happen.
Whether you think you can or you think you can't you're right. The outcome of your life is based on how you think about it. You may not have control over your external surroundings but you can control every thought that you have.
Motivation is what gets you started, habit is what keeps you going" What habits do you have that are holding you back or propelling you forward? Habits are the foundation of your success!
How are you using your weekends? Are you taking advantage of your free time to chase your dreams and goals?
Take this time you have on the weekend and begin to invest in yourself. Physically, mentally, emotional and spiritually.
It all lies within how we PERCEIVE and ENGAGE the adversity we face....
You will never grow or evolve as a person if you follow everyone else. When you learn to break free from the status quo you will be able to set your mind free. You will be open to a world of opportunity and possibilities.
Whatever is troubling you in your life right now, take that first step forward. Once you start facing your fears a little bit each day they begin to die.
Success is not a journey, it is a destination. It's not something you just show up at one day and it's over. You are always continuing your growth throughout life!
If it doesn't challenge you it won't change you! Whatever you are going throughout in life right now is exactly what is suppose to be happening. Keep going!
Be patient and know that everything will happen at the right for you. Life is always happening for you.
Be bold and take action. It's the only way you will ever overcome fear or accomplish anything substantial in life!
Do not allow the opinions of others dictate your level of happiness. You have complete control of how you respond to negative people in your life. Learn to stand guard at the gate of your own mind. Don't allow negativity to impact your life.
Love the life you live and live the life you love! Have a great day!
True strength is of the mind and cannot be measured.
Don't get caught up on the image of a person. Looks fade but a good soul will never die.
The goal is to separate yourself from the masses and practice becoming unique. It is easier to be different then it is to be better. Be better than who you were yesterday.
Do it everyday and fall in love with what you are doing. If you don't have a burning desire to do something you won't master it. This happens when people stay at a job or in the wrong relationship for too long. They don't care to make it amazing because they have no passion for it.
Align with your purpose in life. Find something that you love to do and master it.
Believe in yourself. Know that you deserve whatever you desire in life. Don't give up on something because someone else doesn't believe you can do it.
When you feel that doubt creep in that is when it's time to take action! You are either stepping forward into growth or backward into your comfort zone.
People are focused seeking love and approval from others, instead of finding that within themselves. Understand that you the only love you need is from yourself.
True nobility is becoming a better version of yourself everyday and finding a way to serve others at the highest level. When you can master that then you will have created your own heaven on earth.
Stop allowing yourself to get angry. When you are angry you are in a low vibrational state of mind.
Love the life you live. Don't listen to the social conditioning you have been burdened with. Drown out the noise and listen to your inner voice.
Bloom where you're planted, trust that your roots are where they need to be.
Align your physical body with your mind in order to achieve greatness.
It's the little things that we take for granted that we shouldn't. Watching the sun rise and blanket the earth with its warmth is a blessing. What things are you taking for granted that you need to start being more appreciative of?
GO THROUGH IT. Whatever you are up against has been put in place to strengthen you. The divine power has a way of testing your character to make sure you are worthy of all of the blessings and rewards you are about to receive. Don't stop just because you hit that point of adversity. It's there to make you better.
Imagine that you can create anything you desire. Believe that whatever you want is possible. When you make a decision and commit to your vision, it will come to fruition.
How you treat others is a direct reflection of how you feel internally. We are all meant to connect with other people at a deep level.
What is the one thing that stops most people from living a great life? FEAR. Fear is a learned behavior. You are not born fearful. Don't identify with your fears or they will control you.
Be a CREATOR of your own life. Do what your inner voice is telling you to do. Not what your parents or friends tell you to do. You will never know your purpose in life if you don't set out to discover it. You have to be BOLD enough to follow your heart and do what you are guided to do.
Allow your inner light to SHINE. Whatever pain or suffering that you have experienced in your life, leverage that to ignite your inner peace. The solution for all root pain is LOVE. It is one of the highest calibrated vibrational frequencies there is.
Stop identifying with your ego! Your ego is your false self created by unconscious identification with your mind.
I'm so grateful to be able to explore new areas. I believe it feeds the soul by getting out and charting new territory. We are not designed to stay in one place our whole life. This is also a super conscious piece of artwork.
Through study of the mind and a continuous practice of doing inner work I have been able to SHATTER those limiting beliefs about myself.
When you allow someone to upset you give them the power to control your inner happiness.
In order to manifest anything substantial into your life, it's going to take Persistence, Patience and Positivity.
People are consumed by past thinking and that's why they don't find peace within. Bringing presence into your life will begin to dissolve internal pains.
In order to keep climbing the ladder of evolution you will need to sever any ties to anything that doesn't serve you.
Waves come and go just like the trials and tribulations of your life.
That feeling that you get is your intuition speaking to you. The mind can play tricks and cause confusion. The more you listen to your intuition, the sharper it becomes.
Breakthrough happens when you want to give up but you don¡¦t. The universe rewards a stubborn heart
The power of speaking things into existence over a prolonged period of time has the ability to rewire old thought patterns.
Focus on the beautiful and euphoric parts of life and the universe will continue to give them to you.
There are no accidents, coincidence or random events. If something shows up, you manifested it based on your energy and attention to it.
We have become slaves to this illusion of not having the time and lost the importance of the present moment.
BREATHE in all of the abundance flowing to you and through you
IDENTIFY what is blocking you from achieving your desired result. Is it an old story you¡¦re telling yourself? Past pain you¡¦re still holding onto? This part can be difficult to do on your own....it would be like trying to perform surgery on yourself.
REMOVE whatever isn¡¦t SERVING your life. People attach themselves to things and people out of fear of change. Yes people actually fear change. Because it might be uncomfortable at first...What isn¡¦t serving you that you¡¦re still holding onto? Negative thinking? Complaining? Drinking too much? Bad eating habits? Porn addiction? Being the victim?
REPLACE the old self-sabotaging behaviors or they will come back. This is a process of conscious continuous practice. Challenging the low vibrational, shitty feelings. REPETITION makes your spiritual muscles grow stronger
She doesn¡¦t allow her pain to define her. And if you have the pleasure of meeting this beautiful soul, you will soon learn the definition of strength and courage.
The fear of the unknown will keep you paralyzed from achieving what you desire. Once you take that first step, the universe will help GUIDE you. Step into the flow of life!
I fall love with everything.. I also hate everything.. It's very hard to be a misanthrope and a romantic.
Normality is a paved road: It's comfortable to walk,? but no flowers grow on it.
And though the course may change sometimes ,rivers always reach the sea
When ¡§home¡¨ is not a place but a feeling..
Magic is when you live your life?the way you didn't picture it and leave nothing behind.
Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength
Take pride in how far you've come. Have faith in how far you can go
It was destruction, that soothed her wandering mind. And in all things destroyed, beauty she found. 
It would only be a sin to tame the wild heart that runs free.
It takes immense strength to appear so fragile and light. It takes blistered feet and sore bodies, but all you see is the beauty, music brought to life.
In open skies, she left parts of herself. For she had come to trust the skies more than people; they would never reveal her secrets.
Love of the unrealistic kinds, made real for me. Truly blessed feeling.
Take me not to parks and cafes but to places of ruin. To sit amongst the souls of those that were and solve the mysteries that we are Wanderers.
Timeless was us dancing in the glory of new found love. Timeless is me crawling into memories of you now. I look around to find no constant but change, what went so horribly wrong that a word I once nurtured as our own has come to shred me down to nothing? 
I never took the cold blank face as a handicap. I'd turn things around and play with features. Making, each day, a new face, I'd marvel at what all I could be. I'd alter my tresses and stain my face to look flushed, something I was incapable of naturally. And when I was convinced that I looked ready to break hearts, I'd step into the light. But when the light shone the brightest, my shadow would always remind me of the things I couldn¡¦t make up.
If happiness isn't happening already, you need a reminder.
I'm a sucker for words. I need to constantly speak or be spoken to. And on my loneliest days, I look for words in the majestic expanse of the skies. And I'm never disappointed. Never.
Its funny how screams that could pierce your skin and chill your bones are the ones that never make it past the lips. And the only sound you hear is the whisper of broken pieces of yourself being swept away in time. How I wish for my heart to run wild into all the things my soul aches for. Then my lips shall part, and let out those limp screams, and I shall be a poor imitation of a masterpiece, made from chipped memories.
Will I be there always? I can't tell. But for when I'm not, know that you have the whole of my heart and soul, the memories of our days spent exploring, the warmth of our cuddles on cold winter nights, the feel of my touch on your skin, the sound of my laughter, and my wet salty tears on your chest. This is all that I have to give you, I'm made up of nothing more. And this is all that I want from you. You, in all your imperfections.
The only reason I believe in forever, is because I have seen that love is not limited to life.
I want to tell you about the faces I see. I want to tell you how I almost tripped walking down the steps. I want to tell you how my morning tea made a difference to my day. Tell you how liberated I felt while I painted. Tell you that the sky today made me feel low, but also like going on a never ending journey. I wish to show you every shred of my being, what ticks, what puts me off, what each day brings to me and what I give back to it. This riot of words stops right at your doorstep. I knock and say, Hi'.
I have this piercing ache, right in my heart, where I feel the ache for places I've never been. Places with snowy mountain tops, fiercely gushing rivers, tall trees that stand proud with wisdom, narrow lanes that whisper regional tradition, the deep roars of silence, where time stops, and I feel myself rise to a state of calm, one that I find myself chase in the course of ordinary life. So much power, in just the ache for a place, a place I've never been, a place I can't return from, a place that has a part of my soul, a place that's home. I asked someone why I feel this way, and in her answer I lost my soul again. She said, The mountains really call.
Love stupidly, or build your walls. Tread already treaded paths, or mark your own trail. Tie yourself down to responsibility, or float in the clouds and watch life pass by. Be told, or maybe, tell yourself.
Remember, You're only human, and happiness is nothing but a choice away.
And I don't mind spending the rest of my life trying to find what I'd love to do. To something that would nourish me in ways nature cannot fathom, I'd only be more than willing to surrender my days.
If home is where the heart is, I've never been home. My heart refuses to stay in the same room as me, and I can't help but wander. I'll never find home.
A million sunsets with you by my side. That's all I want. Let's get lost. Climb mountains. Swim in rivers. Count stars lying in open fields. And then watch the sun rise. To hit the road again and chase another sunset. 
I would say I'm lucky to be a sucker for everything earthy. Nature. Love and Adventure. Where else would I go when I needed saving.
Dragging each other by the chords that once struck, right to the edge of the mountain that we made, of piled up emotions, left astray. Holding on to life with sweaty palms, waiting for the fall to show the way out. But we're still there, hanging, unwilling to let go of each other. Looking into your eyes, that mirror the horror in mine. What have we done. What have we become. How long before we make that jump.
They're scared of being swept away by your infinite being. They're not comfortable with the sound of their breath being overpowered by the fearless roars of your waves. Their finite bodies are giving way, brimming with insecurities, they come to celebrate your solitude, unaware that you're home to theirs. And they greet you from just the shore, but only because they're afraid of drowning in the depth your soul offers. You're as vast as the ocean. You, my dear, are the ocean.
Read one page of this book and be drowned in bewilderment. Study one heart-lesson, and teachers from the other knowing will come and sit down in your presence.
I may feel as vast as the sky within, like I alone contain the universe, yet standing in the midst of nature, I couldn't feel any smaller. But nature doesn't mean to ridicule, and me standing there is nothing short of a celebration. Celebrating the presence, existence, the being of both she and I. I am the sky, the universe, together, we both are.
Doing as others told me, I was Blind. Coming when others called me, I was Lost. Then I left everyone, Myself as well. Then I found everyone, Myself as well.
What I don't want is a destination. Some place to reach. I want a journey, that never ends. 
The way you dodge my words, Your hands move over inches Of my already explored skin. You're an open book, And me, you've read me down to my last page. Such silly, predictable moves, I've spent forever in your arms. I smell you before you enter my dreams I could call your bluff, Not knowing your cards. We're long time lovers, babe, And yet here I am. Stupidly smitten by this over familiarity, How does one fall in love Time and again, With the same person
And then there are those, who seek beauty in imperfection. Ruin, destruction, chaos, vulnerability. How beautiful is a soul that embraces it's brokenness, and leaves the pieces to fall back in place. Let be, there's no need for fixing.
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
Learn the alchemy true human beings know. The moment you accept what troubles you've been given, the door will open.
Did you speak with the stars? Did they tell you tales of the wise; Have you heard your own breathing? Everyday, till I'm swallowed whole, Let go, you're clinging to a part of me, You'll find me, where you lose yourself.
Don't need a time machine, when you're still living in that moment. How do you ever get over sights like these?
As dreamy as the sky appeared that evening, she was lost in its expanse. Feeling as weightless as her heart had been for a while now, she felt the breeze brush her cheeks and run through the strands of her hair. Standing on the top of the mountain she'd always dreamt of climbing, she remembered being told, 'One day, you'll touch the sky.' She smiled as her feet left the earth, finally letting go. 'Birds with clipped wings can never fly', she whispered into the abyss, and closed her eyes one last time.
"My soul is from elsewhere- I'm sure of that. And I intend to end up there."
"You should have one too. A dream catcher. One that is bright, keeps the evil aside, and brings you good vibes and adventure. I have one, with a soul of her own. I'd escape the demons, but never the freedom in her eyes." Overwhelmed is an understatement for what I feel right now. She's a blessing, and I'm abundantly blessed.
There's always going to be a place that you never really return from. It has a part of you, of your soul, and you're living in it as much as its living in you.
Stop. Rewind. Play. And I'm lost again.
How you've stood your ground, for millions of years, watching my soul feed on your divine, rugged beauty. I know I've been around you that long. There's no other words, my love, that could lend us a reason, an explanation, to this eternal courtship. I've forgotten, yes, but I know you're standing there, I can feel your indelible presence from a thousand miles away. And you'll lure me into your winding lost soul again. For a lover of the unpredictable, you sure have got me smitten with your constancy.
There's this intriguing beauty about ruins, you stand surrounded by stories you never will know. All you can do, is set your imagination free, and maybe, make a story of your own.
I just want you to know, that its okay to be one kind. And if you're a hundred kinds in one body, even that's okay. There's no validation needed for what you ought to be. Even the moon changes form every night. So it's okay if you're the only moon in the sky. And darling, if you wish to be a hundred moons, even that's okay. As long as you remember to shine.
What's it about closed doors that's so intriguing when all we're looking for are ones that are wide open.
I'm always hungover on some good adventure. It typically lasts days.
I dont know what these positive vibes are that I woke up to this morning. But I've been smiling to myself, and feeling really lucky today. I realized that I'm very wealthy, in terms of the people in my life. I've been blessed with a bunch that never stops believing in me, loves me down to every imperfection, stands up for, and by me, and makes life so worthwhile. And I don't know what I've done to deserve this wealth. I've struggled with finding an identity, and I suddenly woke up with one today. 
The only thing that defines me are my people. Nothing beats such realizations. My cheerleaders, y'all know who you are, I'd run out of space if I used tags. Just know that I love y'all till the sun dies. 
Painting pictures with colors borrowed from memories dwelling in the narrow lanes of my mind. Blooming garden of shades to choose from, and yet the canvas bleeds a monochrome. The heart wants what the heart wants.
And when you've exhausted all the life in your bones, trying to lead, don't forget that you can let yourself be led. Run away, if you need to, it's okay. 
The kind of strength that makes you fall in love all over again when you're done and dusted after that millionth heartbreak. That kind of strength, only words possess.
I miss the month when the rain clouds meant business, and my only business was to get out and breathe all it's goodness in. I miss every tiny bit of July.
I entered another world as I stepped into this temple at Hemis. And I'm not sure if it made me forget my existence altogether, or reinforced it.
Today, the urge is to run away to a strange city. Walk in it's clustered, bustling streets, breathe in the unique aromas the winds carry, steal glances at strangers faces, and let the intrigue of the utter novelty of the place soak into the pores of my skin. And in the midst of all that is unknown, the urge is to find familiarity.
While you sought safety in all things uncertain, I traveled, I learned, and moved on. While you willed your mind to telepathically bring me back, darling, by then, I was long gone. I crossed oceans, and mountains, and lost my soul to birdsong, Never to return to those safe arms again, That felt so right they just had to be wrong. 
Waiting for a life-changing experience. I know what I need to do. I need to pack my bags and leave.
I've never known to coat my words with the sweetness you'd find them lacking. My words, never spoken. But blurted out in crude genuineness, soaking in the rawness of blood, of being delivered before time. Time that could be taken to lace them with the prettiest, most delicate filters crafted with tender, loving words.
But look at me now, now that you've stormed your way into my maze of terribly written sonnets. I've mastered the recipe of dipping every word of mine in the perfect concoction of honey and all things sweet. And yet, you're thrown away with the hit of spice, that found it's way in there accidentally. 
Find a home in every place that you go, and remember to return at the convenience of your heart, even if just in dreams.
Don't have a plan, don't need one. Take that ferry to nowhere. And in places less familiar, wherever it feels right, stay.
I guess sometimes you need to tweak destiny and make it suit your heart. I did just that. Yet another trip to the coast, but this time I knew I wouldn't return without doing what was long due.
She is just as beautiful as she is unaware of her own beauty. And just the right mix of weird and clumsy to make my weird and clumsy feel at home. I could sit right there with her for a hundred sunsets and still not want to leave, just like the smile that hasn't left my face ever since. I believe in serendipity, and I believe I will meet her again.
That's what travel does to you. Shows you all the greater things, makes you feel pretty small. But never insignificant. 
Our destinies are decided by a cosmic roll of the dice, the whims of the stars, the vagrant breezes of fortune that blow from the windmills of the gods.
My longest journey through time and distance has been to this place called Indifference. And I've pretty much lost my way back home.
And forget not, that the earth delights to feel your bare feet, and the wind longs to play with your hair.
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
I'm the kind of girl that wants to travel the whole world, but on a return ticket.
The undisciplined are slaves to moods, appetites and passions. 
There's just something about this country that commands you to feel every bit of calm and peace it has to offer, and you're compelled to obey. I remember how I kept marvelling at this certain positive vibe that the hills greeted me with, that I had no control over. I was content, at peace, and rested in the mind and heart, in all sincerity.
And into the forest I go, to lose my mind and find my soul.
In the end, we were like ghosts. Hanging on to the roof of the earth. Halfway between worlds, too afraid to let go.  
I've always wondered why my best friend tells me to just 'have a day'. In my mind I go, 'why aren't you wishing me a good, rather great day!' And then this morning I woke up to another of them, the 'have a day' text. But for once, I felt like I am having a day. It isn't a bad one, for I've woken up, and am thankful. It isn't a good one either. Well, yet. But I have all the ability to make it. And then I remembered just how much faith she has in me to take a day and turn it around to being a great one. And even if I cannot achieve that, she wants me to have courage and accept the day for what it has been, and grow. I wish you all had a best friend like mine. But, my best friend is better than your best friend. 
Its not always necessary to know where you want to be to get there. Sometimes you reach just before realization. Believe in yourself, however confused or conflicted. The universe has its own way in bringing you where you ought to be. So, believe.
In the waves of change, we find our true direction. 
'The truth is, I gave my heart away a long time ago. My whole heart. And I never really got it back.'
Some places don¡¦t seem to be a part of this world. They are places that are worlds within themselves. And I stepped into one such world.
And if your heart wants to dance in fields of bright flowers today, go ahead and do it. Your mind deserves that kind of a happy memory
Seek not to follow in the footsteps of men of old; seek what they sought.
I don¡¦t want pictures that are wallpaper material. I want pictures that when I look at them, take me back to the time and place and throw at me all those happy feels. There¡¦s a reason blurry polaroids are the ones that make it into our diaries.
Heart¡¦s dancing to the rhythm of the waves, this glorious dance of freedom. 
And in that moment, we were so alive. Alive, blessed, grateful.
It was a feast under a blanket of stars.
I can watch the sky change colors and weep with joy. It¡¦s crazy how much I love Twilight, it¡¦s the time of the day that I¡¦m most alive.
Blessed are the curious, for they shall have adventures.
Out, beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field. I¡¦ll meet you there.
When the soul lies down in that grass, the world is too full to talk about.
Tuck yourself in blankets of green meadows and ask the universe to turn off the lights. It¡¦s time to visit with the stars.
Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees. 
Chaos, leave me never. Keep me wild. And keep me free. So that my brokenness will be, the only beauty the world will see.
There are always some people who you are just destined to meet and know. Some sort of magnetism between souls, I think, that makes you travel distances to connect. No matter who they are, what they do, where they¡¦re from, you¡¦re drawn to them just as much as they¡¦re drawn to you. And the universe does it¡¦s bit in making it all happen
There¡¦s no taming a heart as wild as the winds and strong as the currents of a perfect storm.
I¡¦m learning to love the sound of my feet walking away from things not meant for me!
Replace every "What if..." with "Why the fuck not
When life puts you in tough situations, Don't say "why me". Just say "try me"!
If you manage to squeeze the last bit of life out of every moment, there's no need to fear your failure.
You cannot always control what goes on outside, but you can always control what goes on inside
I travel not to escape life, But for life not to escape me
Traveling is a brutality. It forces you to trust strangers and to lose sight of all that familiar comforts of home and friends. You are constantly off balance. Nothing is yours except the essential things. Air, Sleep, Dream, the sea, the sky- all things tending towards the eternal or what we imagine of it.
The moment when you laugh so hard that all your muscles ache and you can¡¦t even breathe anymore. the most beautiful pain on earth
Distance is just a test to see how far love can travel. If the relationship matters, distance doesn¡¦t. Trust more and doubt less. Talk through all your thoughts, struggles and feelings. Share all the little things that happen in your life, day by day. Make time for each other but still build your own personal life. Always remember he or she is worth waiting for. 
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength
God, when I lose hope, help me to remember that your love is greater than my disappointments, and your plans for my life are better than my dreams.